* this is the same lyrics as "Just the Two of Us" from his EP
Just the two of us.. (8X)
[Eminem]
Baby your da-da loves you (hey)
And I'ma always be here for you (hey) no matter what happens
You're all I got in this world
I would never give you up for nothin
Nobody in this world is ever gonna keep you from me
I love you
C'mon Hai-Hai, we goin to the beach
Grab a couple of toys and let da-da strap you in the car seat
Oh where's mama?  She's takin a little nap in the trunk
Oh that smell (whew!) da-da musta runned over a skunk
Now I know what you're thinkin - it's kind of late to go swimmin
But you know your mama, she's one of those type of women
that do crazy things, and if she don't get her way, she'll throw a fit
Don't play with da-da's toy knife, honey, let go of it (no!)
And don't look so upset, why you actin bashful?
Don't you wanna help da-da build a sand castle? (yeah!)
And mama said she wants to show how far she can float
And don't worry about that little boo-boo on her throat
It's just a little scratch - it don't hurt, her was eatin
dinner while you were sweepin and spilled ketchup on her shirt
Mama's messy isn't she?  We'll let her wash off in the water
and me and you can pway by ourselves, can't we?
Just the two of us.. (2X)
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. (2X)
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. (2X)
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. (2X)
Just you and I!
See honey.. there's a place called heaven and a place called hell
A place called prison and a place called jail
And da-da's probably on his way to all of em except one
Cause mama's got a new husband and a stepson
And you don't want a brother do ya?  (Nah)
Maybe when you're old enough to understand a little better
I'll explain it to ya
But for now we'll just say mama was real real bad
She was bein mean to dad and made him real real mad
But I still feel sad that I put her on time-out
Sit back in your chair honey, quit tryin to climb out (WAHH!)
I told you it's okay HaiHai, wanna ba-ba?
Take a night-night?  Nan-a-boo, goo-goo ga-ga?
Her make goo-goo ca-ca?  Da-da change your dia-dee
Clean the baby up so her can take a nighty-nighty
Your dad'll wake her up as soon as we get to the water
Ninety-seven Bonnie and Clyde, me and my daughter
Just the two of us.. (2X)
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. (2X)
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. (2X)
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. (2X)
Just you and I!
Wake up sweepy head we're here, before we pway
we're gonna take mama for a wittle walk along the pier
Baby, don't cry honey, don't get the wrong idea
Mama's too sweepy to hear you screamin in her ear (ma-maa!)
That's why you can't get her to wake, but don't worry
Da-da made a nice bed for mommy at the bottom of the lake
Here, you wanna help da-da tie a rope around this rock?  (yeah!)
We'll tie it to her footsie then we'll roll her off the dock
Ready now, here we go, on the count of free..
One.. two.. free.. WHEEEEEE!  (whoooooshhhhh)
There goes mama, spwashin in the wa-ta
No more fightin wit dad, no more restraining order
No more step-da-da, no more new brother
Blow her kisses bye-bye, tell mama you love her (mommy!)
Now we'll go play in the sand, build a castle and junk
But first, just help dad with two more things out the trunk
Just the two of us.. (2X)
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. (2X)
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. (2X)
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. (2X)
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. (4X)
[Eminem]
Just me and you baby
is all we need in this world
Just me and you
Your da-da will always be there for you
Your da-da's always gonna love you
Remember that
If you ever need me I will always be here for you
If you ever need anything, just ASK
Da-da will be right there
Your da-da loves you
I love you baby

_____
was i born to lose
c'mon muthafucker pick and chose
between win or lose
baby shoes, high-heeled shoes
interviews, or kangaroos
skatin down fuckin avenues
wit you bag full of barbecues
and suddenly i blow a fuse
god she said i look like a porcupine
would it be better if i took a hike with frankenstein
maybe i'll start thinking of giving my bike to palestine
meet my friend brit
she get real pissed off when muthafuckers ain't feelin her shit
she'll make you bleed if you fuck around with her per fit
you see her walkin round, clit ring and all, talkin your skit
k that's enuff for one verse
i don't think i cud've done no worse
so let me give you one of those that i put real well, gun curse
(chorus)that's part of my story, if you wanna be firm
brit'll put it down your pants, yea the earthworm
don't wanna be sorry, don't eat the bad germ
if you do, just drink the pachiderm
can my songs really make you get up and dance
well if they can, stay seated and take you cup to france
i think that bitch still wants that fuckin poppin chance
think of 50, dre, and eminem
they all battled and got succes and fame
fuck benzino
he called my man slim a feminem, see now
i never really had much 'pac influence
me had m.mathers and used it awful fluent
part of my life i was taught in fight and anger
my people won't let me hide my middle finder
but everyday i teach the good things to my little sista's
they only 2,3 years younger than me
but still need my help to be succesful in life, you see
and you really shud be givin that punch rite to me
(chorus)
you think i'm violent
well think again, if you want i'll let you alone in the silent
with my shit and weed i get high and thow a fit to anyone that gets close to my hand
my parents announced they were gonna get a divorce
it just became a lot worse
the whole opposite of me doin a verse
with a bunny or a horse
infact, what i had i'll never get it back
i'll always have this sick mind in me
but what the fuck, just let my shit be
there's a bug walkin 'long my ceilin
i ain't really fellin
yea that or this muthafuckin beatin
(chorus)
i luv ya'll
fuck me

_____
I'm the illest rapper to hold a cordless
Patrolling corners
Looking for hookers to punch in the mouth with a roll of quarters
I'm meaner in action
Than Rosco beating James Tarteenyer (?)
And smackin his back with vacuum cleaner attachments
I grew up in the wild hood
As a hazardous youth
With a fucked up childhood
That I used as an excuse
And aint shit changed
But kept the same mindstate
Since the third time that I failed 9th grade
You probably think that I'm a negative person don't be so sure of it
I don't promote violence I just encourage it
I laugh at the sight of death
As I fall down a cement flight of steps
And land inside a bed of spider webs
So throw caution to the wind
You and a friend
Can jump off of a bridge and if you live, do it again
Shit, why not?  Blow your brain out
I'm blowing mine out
Fuck it, you only live once you might as well die now
It's only fair to warn
I was born with a set of horns
And metaphors attached to my damn umbulical cord
Warlord of rap little bastard with a two by four board
That smashed into your Honda Accord
With a 4 door Ford
But a more toward (?) droppin an accapella
The choppa (?) fella
The mozarella
Worse than a hellacopta propella
Got you locked in the cella
With your skeleton showing
Developing anorexia
While I'm standin next to ya
Eating a full course meal watching you starve to death
With an IV in your veins
Feeding you liquid darvicet
Pumping you full of drugs
Pull the plugs
On the gunshot victims full of bullet slugs
Who were picked up in an ambulance
And driven
To receiving with the asses ripped outta they pants
And given
A less than 20 percent chance
Of living
Have a possible placement
It's a hospital patient
Storing the dead bodies in grandma's little basement
Doctor Kevorkian has arrived
To perform an autopsy on you while you scream  I'M STILL ALIVE!
Driving a rusty scalpel in through the top of your scalp
And pulling your adams apple out through your mouth
Better call the fire department
I've hired a arson
To set fire to carpet
And burn up your entire apartment
I'm a liar to start shit (?)
Got your bitch wrapped around my dick
So tight you need a crobar to pry her apart wit
Met a retarded kid named Greg with a wooden leg
Snatched it off and beat him over the fucking head with the peg
Go to bed with the keg wake up with the 40
Mixed up with Alka Seltzer and Formula 44D
Fuck an acid tab I'll strap the whole sheet to my forehead
Wait until it absorbed in and fell to the floor dead
No more said case closed end of discussion
I'm blowin up like spontaneous human combustion
Leaving you in the aftermath of holocaust and traumas
Cross the bombas (?)
We blowin up your house killing your parents 
and coming back to get your foster mommas
And I'm as good at keeping a promise as Nostradamus
Cause I aint making no more threats
I'm doing drivebys in tinted Corvettes on Vietnam war vets
I'm more or less sick in the head
Maybe more cause I smoked crack (?) 
today, yesterday, and the day before sabbath
Walk the block with a labrador
Strapit more corral for war than El Salvador
Foul style galore
Verbal cow manure
Coming together like the eyebrow on Al B. Sure

_____
Eye-Kyu: Now what you know about a sweet MC, from the 313
None of these skills you bout to see come free
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you gotta become me
If you ever wanna be one see
Eminem: Man what you know about a sweet MC, in the 313
None of these skills you bout to see come free
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you better become me
If you ever wanna be one see
Verse 1: Eye-Kyu
Yo some people say I'm whack, now if that's right
I'm the freshest whack MC that you ever heard, in your lifetime
My slick accapella sounds clever with the beats
Boy I'm the deepest thing since potholes to ever hit the streets
Forgot a gold digger's succubus , my souls thick with ruggedness
With the mic I'm like a dyke, can't no nigga fuck with this
I got more Different Strokes than Philip Drummound
On open mic I bone your women just to keep my lyrics coming (bitch)
We elevated to new heights premeditated
Let it be that I stated they hate it now that they see that I made it
The escalated can be put to the test of greatness
Snatch the heart from MC's and I ate it
So I take it that's the reason I'm hated
To represent my temperment
If rap was a dick all you so called hard MC's would not be impitant
But pimping it, and acting like you could rock a show (so)
Harder than LL's Rock the Bells, but you is a ho (now)
Everything that you collaborate I lacerate
My rhymes they keep coming like nympho maniacs that masturbate
At a faster rate, yeah I got something for your ass to hate
I blasterate, and have you all running master gates
And as for face clutching and touching the flows
I got them open like marijuana smoke up in your nose
Bucking these hoes, I got that shit down to a science
Leaving them hot and bothered, turned on like an appliance
Defiance, no we won't have that
You want your shit to blow up?
Well I'ma stuff some dynamite in your ass crack
And blast that shit to kingdom come
Then bring them some of this real hip-hop
I drop beats and you ain't singing or gonna do a thing about
And you all knew from Meeko
That you couldn't hold your own with the strength of Lou Forigno
So stop that bullshit and flow
Yo, you need to come with the real skills, and act like you know
Chorus: Eminem
So what you know about a sweet MC, in the 313
None of these skills you bout to see come free
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you better become me
If you ever wanna be one see
Eye-Kyu: Now what you know about a sweet MC, from the 313
None of these skills you bout to see come free
So you wanna be the sweet MC, you gotta become me
If you ever wanna be one see
Verse 2: Eminem
So what, you know about a sweet MC, in the 313
You don't know shit so when you see one flee
You can be Run-D, you'll never beat the MC
I'll stop the alphabet at S and got it down to a T
I'm sure your bound to agree, a sweet MC crashes the spot
I'll make the roof hot like I was Rock Master Scott
Your ass forgot, so just in case you don't remember me
I'll run your brain around the block to jog your fucking memory
It's either them or me man, kill or be killed
You will and be sealed your casket closed you still gonna be billed
My facilities filled with fans, packed to capacity
I'll send a rapper back with the crack of his ass shitty
If he's acting soft and he cowers
He better come cleaner then Jay Rue jacking off when he showers
You flowers got no clout with a thing
You could date a stick of dynamite and wouldn't go out with a bang
I showered the slang, simple as A,B,C's
Skip over the D's and rock the microphone with E's
Dethrone MC's and I'ma max alone
Relax your dome like a solo from a saxophone
So facts are known, writers get treated with shocks
I rock a beat harder then you could beat it with rocks
I'm greeted with flocks, of fellow follower's singers
You couldn't make the fans throw up their hands if they swallowed their
fingers
But you can bring yours let's see what you got
But don't front and never try to be what you're not
Cause you can be quick, jump the candlestick, burn your back
And fuck Jill on a hill, but you still ain't Jack
Chorus: Eye-Kyu
So what you know about a sweet MC, from the 313
None of these skills you just seen come free
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you'll never become me
So you ain't ever gonna be one see
Eminem: So what you know about a sweet MC, in the 313
None of these skills that you just seen come free
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you'll never become me
So you ain't ever gonna be one see

_____
[Eye-Kyu:] Now what you know about a sweet MC, from the 313
None of these skills you bout to see come free
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you gotta become me
If you ever wanna be one see
[Eminem:] Man what you know about a sweet MC, in the 313
None of these skills you bout to see come free
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you better become me
If you ever wanna be one see
[Verse 1: Eye-Kyu]
Yo some people say I'm whack, now if that's right
I'm the freshest whack MC that you ever heard, in your lifetime
My slick accapella sounds clever with the beats
Boy I'm the deepest thing since potholes to ever hit the streets
Forgot a gold digger's succubus , my souls thick with ruggedness
With the mic I'm like a dyke, can't no nigga fuck with this
I got more Different Strokes than Philip Drummound
On open mic I bone your women just to keep my lyrics coming (bitch)
We elevated to new heights premeditated
Let it be that I stated they hate it now that they see that I made it
The escalated can be put to the test of greatness
Snatch the heart from MC's and I ate it
So I take it that's the reason I'm hated
To represent my temperment
If rap was a dick all you so called hard MC's would not be impitant
But pimping it, and acting like you could rock a show (so)
Harder than LL's Rock the Bells, but you is a ho (now)
Everything that you collaborate I lacerate
My rhymes they keep coming like nympho maniacs that masturbate
At a faster rate, yeah I got something for your ass to hate
I blasterate, and have you all running master gates
And as for face clutching and touching the flows
I got them open like marijuana smoke up in your nose
Bucking these hoes, I got that shit down to a science
Leaving them hot and bothered, turned on like an appliance
Defiance, no we won't have that
You want your shit to blow up?
Well I'ma stuff some dynamite in your ass crack
And blast that shit to kingdom come
Then bring them some of this real hip-hop
I drop beats and you ain't singing or gonna do a thing about
And you all knew from Meeko
That you couldn't hold your own with the strength of Lou Forigno
So stop that bullshit and flow
Yo, you need to come with the real skills, and act like you know
[Chorus: Eminem]
So what you know about a sweet MC, in the 313
None of these skills you bout to see come free
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you better become me
If you ever wanna be one see
[Eye-Kyu:] Now what you know about a sweet MC, from the 313
None of these skills you bout to see come free
So you wanna be the sweet MC, you gotta become me
If you ever wanna be one see
[Verse 2: Eminem]
So what, you know about a sweet MC, in the 313
You don't know shit so when you see one flee
You can be Run-D, you'll never beat the MC
I'll stop the alphabet at S and got it down to a T
I'm sure your bound to agree, a sweet MC crashes the spot
I'll make the roof hot like I was Rock Master Scott
Your ass forgot, so just in case you don't remember me
I'll run your brain around the block to jog your fucking memory
It's either them or me man, kill or be killed
You will and be sealed your casket closed you still gonna be billed
My facilities filled with fans, packed to capacity
I'll send a rapper back with the crack of his ass shitty
If he's acting soft and he cowers
He better come cleaner then Jay Rue jacking off when he showers
You flowers got no clout with a thing
You could date a stick of dynamite and wouldn't go out with a bang
I showered the slang, simple as A,B,C's
Skip over the D's and rock the microphone with E's
Dethrone MC's and I'ma max alone
Relax your dome like a solo from a saxophone
So facts are known, writers get treated with shocks
I rock a beat harder then you could beat it with rocks
I'm greeted with flocks, of fellow follower's singers
You couldn't make the fans throw up their hands if they swallowed their
fingers
But you can bring yours let's see what you got
But don't front and never try to be what you're not
Cause you can be quick, jump the candlestick, burn your back
And fuck Jill on a hill, but you still ain't Jack
[Chorus: Eye-Kyu]
So what you know about a sweet MC, from the 313
None of these skills you just seen come free
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you'll never become

_____
Sometimes I just feel like
Quitting I still might
Why do I put up this fight?
Why do I still write?
Sometimes it's hard enough just dealing with real life
Sometimes I wanna jump on stage and just kill mics
And show these people what my level of skill's like
But I'm still white
Sometimes I just hate life
Something ain't right
Hit the brake lights
Case of the stage fright
Drawing a blank like
(blabbering)
It ain't my fault
Great big eye balls
My insides crawl
And I clam up
I just slam shut
I just can't do it
My whole manhood's just been stripped
I have just been ripped
So I must then get
Off the bus then split
Man fuck this shit
Yo, I'm going the fuck home
Rolling my shoulders as I run back to this 8 Mile Road
I'm a man
I'ma make a new plan
Time for me to just stand up and travel new land
Time for me to just take matters into my own hands
Once I'm over these tracks, man I'ma never look back
And I'm gone
I know right where I'm going
Sorry, momma, I'm grown
I must travel alone
Ain't gon' follow no footsteps I'm making my own
Only way that I know how to escape from this 8 Mile Road
Walking these train tracks
Tryin to regain back
The spirit I had 'fore I go back to the same crap
To the same plant
And the same pants
Tryin to chase rap
Gotta move ASAP
Get a new plan
Momma's got a new man
Poor little baby sister, she don't understand
Sits in front of the TV buries her nose in her pad
And just colors until the crayon gets dull in her hand
While she colors a big brother, a mother and dad
Ain't no telling what really goes on in her little head
Wish I could be the daddy that neither one of us had
But I keep running from something I never wanted so bad
Sometimes I get upset cuz I ain't blew up yet
It's like a grew up but I ain't grow me two nuts yet
Don't got a rep, my step
Don't got enough pep
The pressure's too much, man I'm just tryin to do what's best
And I try
Sit alone and I cry
Yo I won't tell no lie
Not a moment goes by
That I don't pray to the sky
Please, I'm beggin you God
Please don't let me be pigeon holed in no regular job
Yo I hope you can hear me homie wherever you are
Yo, I'm telling you dog I'm bailing this trailer tomorrow
Tell my mother I love her, kiss baby sister goodbye
Say whenever you need me, baby, I'm never too far
But yo I gotta get out there the only way I know
And I'ma be back for you the second that I blow
On everything I own
I'll make it on my own
Off to work I go
Back to this 8 Mile Road
I'm a man
Gotta make a new plan
Time for me to just stand up and travel new land
Time for me to just take matters into my own hands
Once I'm over these tracks, man I'ma never look back
And I'm gone
I know right where I'm going
Sorry, momma, I'm grown
I must travel alone
Ain't gon' follow no footsteps I'm making my own
Only way that I know how to escape from this 8 Mile Road
You gotta live it to feel it
You didn't, you wouldn't get it
Or see what the big deal is
Why it was and it still is
To be walking this borderline of Detroit's city limits
It's different and it's a certain significance
A certificate of authenticity
You'd never even see
But it's everything to me
It's my credibiiity
You'd never seen, heard, smelled or met a real mc
Who's incredible or on the same pedestal as me
But yet still unsigned
Having a rough time
Sit on the porch with all my friends and kick dumb rhymes
Go to work and serve mc's in the lunch line
When it comes crunch time
Where did my punch lines go?
Who must I show?
To bust my flow
Where must I go?
Who must I know?
Or am I just another crab in the bucket
Cuz I ain't having to run with this little rabbits but fuck it
Maybe I need a new outlet
I'm starting to doubt shit
I'm feeling a little skeptical who I hang out with
I live like a bum, yo my clothes ain't about shit
At the Salvation Army trying to salvage an outfit
And it's cold
Trying to travel this road
Plus I feel like I'm always stuck in this battling mode
My defenses are so up
The one thing I don't want
Is pity from no one
This city is no fun
There is no sun
And it's so dark
Sometimes I just feel like I'm being pulled apart
From each one of my limbs
By each one of my friends
It's enough to just make me wanna jump out of my skin
Sometimes I feel like a robot
Sometimes I just know not
What I'm doing, I just blow, my head is a stove top
I just explode, the kettle gets so hot
Sometimes my mouth just overloads the ass that I don't got
But I've learned
It's time for me to u-turn
Yo it only takes one time for me to get burned
Ain't no fallin' on next time I'll meet a new girl
I can not only play stupid or be immature
I got every ingredient all I need is the courage
Like I already got the beat all I need is the words
Got the urge
Suddenly it's a surge
Suddenly a new burst of energy has occured
Time to show these free world leaders the three and a third
I am no longer scared now, I'm free as a bird
Then I turn and cross over the median curb
Hit the burbs and all you see is a blur
I'm 8 Mile Road
I'm a man
Gotta make a new plan
Time for me to just stand up and travel new land
Time for me to just take matters into my own hands
Once I'm over these tracks, man I'ma never look back
And I'm gone
I know right where I'm going
Sorry, momma, I'm grown
I must travel alone
Ain't gon' follow no footsteps I'm making my own
Only way that I know how to escape from this 8 Mile Road

_____
[50 Cent]
Yeah..50 Cent, Lloyd Banks, Tony Yayo
G-UNIT!
[Lloyd Banks]
This rap shit plays a major part of my life
So if you jeapordize it I got the right
To send a mothafucka at you tonight
G-Unit! And I ain't stoppin' to my clique poppin'
Swimmin' in barrels of money
Ma could walk around wit' a head up and challenge you dummy
It's funny, niggas rather see you sufferin' and hungry
I'm hungry as hell, skatin' with another nigga's money
Take your hats off, you know you ain't that tough
I'm callin' your bets off as soon as you act up
You know what I came for, it isn't the game ball
Artillary that's about as long as a chainsaw (Lloyd Banks!)
By the way, this feels like I'm dreamin'
Forty cal. under my pillow, condom feelin' my semen
The physical presence of a female, form of a demon
That's why, I fuck 'em and leave 'em
Get my nut while I'm breathin'
'Cause they thought they'd catch me slippin', now I'm duckin' and trippin'
That's a thousand dollar outfit what the fuck is you rippin'?
You trippin', more records could get my ass in position
Death wish for no religion whether Catholic or Christian
Listen, I went through my ambition in and out the kitchen
With probable cause, it's probably sendin' out to prison
You got soldiers, but you still gotta respect ours
We got more four five's and nines than a deck of cards
[Tony Yayo]
You can take me out the 'hood, but can't take the 'hood out me ('Cause what?)
'Cause I'm ghetto, I'm ghetto
Niggas hate when you do good
But when you broke, your friends and your enemies
They love you, they love you
Cheche, get the llello
Picture me being crack, out of town, trips on the trail
Cheche, get the llello
Picture me being crack (Tony Yayo!)
You can sift me, cut me, I'll turn you to a junkie
I'm the number one seller in the whole fuckin' country
Wallstreet niggas, they cop me on the low
White boys don't call me coke, they call me blow
It's time to go, on the bus, the train, the plane
I'll smuggle, I'm nothin' but trouble
I'll make your money double
Cook me in baking soda
I'll turn your Hooprock into a new Range Rover
I'll pay all your bills and fill your 'frigerator
Feed your family, turn your man into a hater
Put me in your doorpanels or your stashbox
Put me in your Nik's, Timbs or Reeboks
If you cop three and a half you hustlin' backwards
Cop a hundred grams, you movin' forwards
You tryin' to move more birds
...In PA all day, on the corner of Third
[50 Cent]
You can take me out the 'hood, but can't take the 'hood out me (what?)
'Cause I'm ghetto, I'm ghetto
Picture me polishin' pistols, I'm comin' to get you
The shells hit you, you screamin'
Think I'm playin'? I mean it
Man, I done bought all these pistols
Lets get it poppin'
Start wavin' my emboies shell cases get the droppin' (C'mon)
Like if it's down the corner, I got too much pride to hide
I'm outside, gun in my pocket just stunnin' I'm stoppin'
I'm dyin' to pop it, I'm young and I'm restless, you know my contestants
As the world turns, there's lessons to be learned
Count all my blessin's, clean up my weapons
I'm ready for war, the strong survive, the weak will parish
I told you before, hoes they compliment me now like  50 nice chain
Malasio, twenty grand in chips at a dice game
Burn out, can't stop gotta watch MTV, BET
Nigga you see me!
I wonder if you mad, 'cause I'm doin' good
or 'cause niggas feelin' me more than you in your own 'hood
And it hurts 'cause you love 'em and they don't love you back
'cause they know you just rappin' and you don't bust a gat
You pussy
Yeah, explain it to niggas in your hood nigga
They know you fuckin' frontin' nigga
Talkin' like gangstas on a record, I see you nigga
Niggas know me nigga, ask around in my 'hood nigga
Read the  Daily News  nigga you see them talkin' about me nigga
I'm in the middle of all kinds of shit
Pussy, lets get it poppin'
G-G-Unit, G-G-Unit, G-G-G-Unit, G-G-G-G-G-G-Unit, G-Unit!

_____
feat. B-Real, Eminem
[Intro - Eminem]
WAAAAHHHHHHHOOOOOOOOOOO!!! {*laughs*}
Guess who's back?!?!
Mommy! We're home!!
Say hello to my little friends
DJ Muggs, Soul Assassins, Cypress Hill
Everybody! Put your hands where my eyes can see!!!
[Verse - Eminem]
Everywhere we go people know that we roll deep as fuck
Fourty fifty Samoans, they knowing when D-Bo was
50, Tweezy, Obie there won't be no hoe in us
They pop shit like they gon do shit but no one does
From New York down to Texas, back up to Los Angeles
We've changed the way we move so man up if you can't adjust
You may end up getting rushed by too many to handle us
It's funny, I guess money does have its advantages
And it isn't that we just think that we can't be touched
It's not like we're just feeling ourselves that much
It's just, that if someone ever does put us in the clutch
We just know that y'all ain't gon be the one who's gon do it
Cause first of all you're pussy and everybody can see that
You fuck around, get caught in a spot that you shouldn't be at
That you got no business being in, we ain't even gon be in it
No one's gunna hear nothing, no one's gunna see this shit
And they'll be in and up out of it, them boys is bout it, bout it
The noise from (?) be drowned out by the crowd
And you'll be laying on the ground getting trampled by people dancing
Till the club closes, and clears out
And that's when they see you flatened
Nobody saw it happen, all cause your jaws are flapping
And you couldn't stop yapping and took it past rapping
It ain't about the music no more, it's bout trying to show off
And it feels like any minute the bomb is bout to go off
[Chorus - Eminem]
Shit's about to change, cause we ain't playing no games
We ain't budging neither are they, we ain't saying no names
Shit just ain't the same, when the K's get to scream
Hip-hop is in a state of 911
It ain't about hip-hop, cause those days are gone
It ain't about trying rip shots, to get props no more
It's about trying not to get popped, and get dropped to the floor
Cause hip-hop is in a state of 911
[Verse - B-Real]
Step off my holster cause shit it's getting serious
All theses drugs you be fucking with make you delirious
Thinking you coming with heat, yo son, I'm curious
How long are you gunna hate us and judge us and jury us?
Some people can never fade us, that make us so furious
Mistake us for fakers, homie we greater and glorious
We living for real and others just making the stories up
Allusions are broken, so live it up, you corny fucks
If you take a fucking minute to think about what you've done
When you stood against a gangsta who live and die by the gun
Got a hot one, spraying you bitches til there is none
I'm like a rolling stone homie, I got you under my thumb
Silly little bitches can end up right up in ditches
We cut you and give you stitches, for envy and all my riches
Your game's just like a midget, you're clocking a small digit
Dealing with the Giant Goliath, people that's how we live it, c'mon
[Chorus]
[Verse - Ganxsta Ridd]
Uh, gangsta Ganxsta who come to pay you a visit
On this shit you call hip-hop, this function is where did it
When I - put it in motion, my focus is getting branded
My appetite for destruction is blasted because I said it
Got you - stumbling for cover, this music dying in numbers
But you wouldn't pause and wonder, admitting it's all glamour
When you - enter the business you thinking you running shit
You witness that funny shit, your bitches they ain't shit!
We gangstas we blast first, ask questions later
All these - imitators parading like they some playas
Trying to - save hip-hop the task is something greater
Cause we old fashioned coded with loyalty motivaters
Get caught, I'm not telling, or more like killing not caring
I'm riding a - gangsta feeling, no fearing when gangstas dying
I'm in a - full circle with homies that's supposed to bleed
On an 8 Mile mission with Cypress and O.G.'s
[Chorus]

_____
Freestyle 1:
Somebody hold me back
Im unstoppable
I got more guns than a mothafuckin arsenal
Somebody hold my crack
While I fix my plaque
For not bein black
N makin rap
Well anyways
I really gotta take a crap
N maybe get a snack
But u know ill be back
To write another track
Another verbal attack
Freestyle 2:
Yo I get up in the morning and im tired as hell
stretch out on my bed its already 12
get a bite to eat nothing too sweet or I be bouncing up and down all over the street
I put on my stuff and my bling bling and I rap man I don't sing doin my own thing
like nobody else in the rap game I built myself a rap name and I share in the rap fame
with all the others who claimed rap as a second language like a home to go to when they're feelin alone or bored too
and sometimes feelin caught in a cartoon its like a fantasy world with cars, cash, n money,
but it aint even funny
how real it is and u hav no idea how I feel in it
I feel so real in it
my pains from my childhood this is really healin it
I used to be concealin it
everything is so clear now
theres nothing I gotta fear now
I made my self a career now
it aint the same no more
everyday I walk in the door
and feel like a different man than I was b4
things hav changed but im still the same,
inside me ill never rearrange my brains i still fuck like a mofo,
ballin like a real pro,
mad hops like u've never seen befo gimme the ball and watch the show
got range like a black man speed like a track man agility too, u'll never see me slack man,
I make every ball in the rack man, if u thinking of shootin, ill eat u up like pacman
Freestyle 3:
Everyonce in a while I make yo bitch smile
Cuz I rap so good I can make yo bitch wild
cuz the chicks dig it and they gotta love the style of the illest rapper from here to the nile.
yeah dog fosheezi
I hope u know yo honey likes to please me I rap till im wheezy
even when im sneezing u just gotta?
get me the keyzeez to drive me here and all the clothes to cover up thee rear
u just gotta get me the food when I want it and when I got the urge u gotta get me the Chronic
better be on it
as fast as Sonic..
faster.. for the master
of the sport
even all over the court
and no I don't mean with the law
I mean bas-ket-ball dogg don't fuck wit me or ill hav to put u in ur cas-ket
n all that's not all though
ill come to ur funeral and shoot over and over like Ronaldo
they'd all go hiding like Waldo (Damn Wheres Waldo)
Yo ill never stop spittin the rhymes that I've written over the years publicity like monica and Clinton
winnin Grammies come wit tears and they don't come easy and if they do damn that shits measly yeah?
Freestyle 4: (FatMan)
I mean this guy can cause an earthquake
His favorite part of the day is his snack break
Damn just bake him a cupcake and make him a cookie
He sits around all day and daydreams about nookie
More cusion for the pushin right?
well ok, but only if you ever get to pushing, aight?
At the gym I can find your ass up on the Stairmaster
But you're on level two shit go a lil faster
Look man I'm not going to lie
ill tell u how I feel
They should handcuff your big ass to the treadmill
Its don't take a genius to figure out you were fed well
If u go on a diet maybe u can shed a lil
I see u at the store u buy out the whole aisle
It take you 20 minutes just to run a whole mile
Freestyle 5: Shaq (diss)
#34 LA Lakers Man fuck shaq
Most Valuable Player? Man fuck that
Shaq's just a black man wit a 6 pack
He only good cuz he can grab a wall n tear a brick back
Is he number one? man hell no hova
He wouldn't be even if hell froze ova
Kobe rocks that joint up in tinsel town
When u need an answer he can make the shit go down
But shaqs got
No shot and they all think that he's so hot (he's so not)
Always the same thing hes like a robot
Just get it into Shaquille so he can dunk it for 2 points
By the time he gets out of the key you'd have smoked up two joints
He weighs so much (oh! can some-bo-dy hear two oinks)
He ate so many crunches that now his belly boinks
Theres a reason the Magic traded away the Shaq pack
They were getting angry they wanted the sun back
And for when they went to games
They wanted the fun back
And they hope that Shaq never brings his nasty buns back
Because nobody likes him
Im sorry, your done Shaq
I hope u understand no pun to be intended
I hope ur mama sees the son that shes invented
Im sorry Mrs O neal
I understand how you must feel
This nightmare is so real
But chill, maybe he'll get killed
Freestyle 6: (8 mile)
talk about 7 mile, change your style, I read your bio, u really from Ohio, im vile, this guys so fuckin fat you cant even see his eyes when he smiles
Freestyle 7: (8 Mile)
that shit was whack, you aint spittin, as a matter of fact, all of that shit was written
Freestyle 8: (8 Mile)
I can seat her and put her to the test,
battling this chick,
with no breasts,
and why you got me battling a chick,
especially one that's whack,
wit a dick,
I really don't understand,
why this chick is up here right now,
but wants to be a man

_____
I heard you're doin' OK,
But I want you to know
I'm addic-
I'm addicted to you
I can't pretend I don't care
When you don't think about me
Do you think
I deserve this?
I tried to make ya' happy
But you left anyway
I'm tryin' to forget that
I'm addicted to you
But I want it
And I need it
I'm addicted to you
Now it's over
Can't forget what you said
And I never
Wanna do this again
Heartbreaker
Heartbreaker
Heartbreaker
Since the day I met you
And after all we've been through
Still addic,
I'm addicted to you
I think you know that it's true
I'd run a thousand miles to get you
Do you think I deserve this?
I tried to make you happy
I did all that I could
Just to keep you
But you left anyway
I'm tryin' to forget that
I'm addicted to you
But I want it
And I need it
I'm addicted to you
Now it's over
Can't forget what you said
And I never
Wanna do this again
Heartbreaker
Heartbreaker
How long will I be waiting?
Until the end of time
I don't know why I'm still waitin'
I can't make you mine
(giutar)
I'm tryin' to forget that
I'm addicted to you
But I want it
And I need it
I'm addicted to you
I'm tryin' to forget that
I'm addicted to you
But I want it
And I need it
I'm addicted to you
Now it's over
Can't forget what you said
And I never
Wanna do this again
Heartbreaker
Heartbreaker
I'm addicted to you
Heartbreaker
I'm addicted to you
Heartbreaker
I'm addicted to you
Heartbreaker
I'm addicted to you
Heartbreaker

_____
Get the fuck up
Aiyo, when I step up in the bar
Everybody hit the fuckin? floor
Lucky motherfuckers make it to the door
Cause when I spit on mic's, I spit raw
Which cause confusion from the bar to the dance floor
I keep the club owner vexed
Cause he gotta pay me when I spit
Plus replace a lot of shit
Niggers get to wildin?
When my words echoes the room like
(Get your hand out my pockets)
You sock shit while my topics rockin?
I'm banned from clubs cause of my toxic tonsils
Loud speakin? like a fuckin? sports announcer
I spit the block hot ?til you rush the bouncer
Or rush the motherfucker in your way who's bouncin?
You know O. Trice get the gats pronouncin?
Get loud motherfucker when I speak motherfucker
Out your seat motherfucker, I'ma reach motherfuckers
Shady Records ?til I sleep motherfucker
Obie Trice, nothin? but street, motherfucker
Tear this bitch up until you bleed motherfucker
I wouldn't give a fuck who you be, motherfucker
Punk, pussy, bitch or G, motherfucker
Adrenaline Rush before you leave, motherfucker
When I speak I blow out your tweeters
A dog
Show out with speakers
Roll out with heaters
I'm just a animal eatin? the game
Jungle monkey
Funky, and Obie's the name
I roll solo
Never been a hoe, though
Keep gats vocal
When cats act loco
Where you at when I'm movin? the crowd
You get trampled, mashed on Detroit style
Up out your seats
Pump out the E's
Off the beats, the crowd "Obie, please"
Where my niggers at, smokin? them trees
Off the cognac, finger fuckin? a skeez
That's how it is when you party with me
You don't like it?
You L7 like a square be
Get loud motherfucker when I speak motherfucker
Out your seat motherfucker, I'ma reach motherfuckers
Shady Records ?til I sleep motherfucker
Obie Trice, nothin? but street, motherfucker
Tear this bitch up until you bleed motherfucker
I wouldn't give a fuck who you be, motherfucker
Punk, pussy, bitch or G, motherfucker
Adrenaline Rush before you leave, motherfucker
Yo, and since I came
I've rearranged the place with blaze
Stage dive with Colt Seavers, DNA
I'm so addicted to gettin? niggers lifted
Drunk off the liquid
O. Trice, the misfit
Dousin? the crowd with piss and bile
We underground, motherfucker, fix your frown
I be the boy with the whiskey toy
Off a whiskey
You never been to skeet before
So throw up your hands and
Peep out your man's when
I come through
Next quarter Trice intervene use
And trust, I'm attackin? it
I cook up the hot shit like Ainsley Harriet
That's why I'm so miraculous
And Obie gets you niggers pumped up
I'll see you next coliseum, chump
That's right, it's your Obie Trice fucked up
Off weed... E's and whiskey
Get loud motherfucker when I speak motherfucker
Out your seat motherfucker, I'ma reach motherfuckers
Shady Records ?til I sleep motherfucker
Obie Trice, nothin? but street, motherfucker
Tear this bitch up until you bleed motherfucker
I wouldn't give a fuck who you be, motherfucker
Punk, pussy, bitch or G, motherfucker
Adrenaline Rush before you leave, motherfucker

_____
[Eminem]
It's shit like this I kick to these rich white kids
Who just might see how fucked up this sick life is
Ooops I did it again didn't I my shit's harder
To figure out than what Britney's tit size is
Oooh I probably pissed you off again didn't I bitch
So what Christina Gaguilera kiss my grits
You know how many shit's I get if I wish I did
So I can quit givin these twisted little kids ideas
This just in, Britney just dissed Justin
She just fucked Ben, got tit fucked and dick sucked him
If Afflec can get his ass licked, how I can't shit
Goddamn bitch I'm rich I can't understand this
Are those pictures they made of us together on the internet
As close as I'm ever gonna get to hittin it from the back
And shit when it comes to that I hit harder from the back
Than Everlast when he's pluggin Lethal in his fuckin ass
Just give me one more chance Britney hit me one more time
Let me know what's on your mind, Whitney give me one more line
To sniff, you fuckers know what time it is
Fuck your jewelery my record's almost dyin, BEEOTCH!
[HOOK 2X: Eminem + Dr Dre]
What's goin on in the world today
People fightin, feudin, lootin, it's okay
Let it go, let it flow, let the good times roll
Tell 'em Dre- It aint nuttin but music
[Bizarre]
Eminem doesn't like N'Sync, well I do
So fuck him, and the Backstreet Boys too
Whatever happened to the cast of Different Strokes
Mary's broke, Ty's snortin coke, and then an overdose
I got two little boys wit me
Michael Jackson sent two helicopters to get me
I'm up early wit my hair curly
Me and Mr. Furly, fuckin Laverne and Shirley!
[Kuniva]
Alotta rappers are livin in la la land
That's why I let my dogs out on the Baha men
As bad as a life I had, I'm not mad
I don't need to be a jackass to beat up my dad
My whole family's country, my grandmother's old fashioned
And she keeps askin me why I rap wit a honky
But grannie I'm a flunky I could be a junky
I could be hangin with the hoochies out at the club scene
[Kon Artis]
To all the independent women in the house! (HEY!)
Show us your tits and shut your motherfuckin mouth! (WHAT?!)
[Proof]
Robert Downey, Bobby Brownie, Whitney Houston
The shit's confusin (SNIFF!)
Jesse Jackson, reverend scandal
Got George Michael's, Tevin Campbells
PeeWee Herman's, peep show places
Public restrooms, peep those cases
[HOOK]
[Swifty McVay]
Huh, your mom and dad probably mad at us (for what)
We done turned their kids into little body snatchers
Aint like where I'm from, we don't bite our tongue
Are you sure you want niggas 21 to carry guns
It's sad but I'm glad that I'm made to rhyme
Where you work you aint gettin paid for that overtime
It's only music, media know it but they blind
I aint in your light, so stay they hell up outta mine
Y'all the reason why Princess Diana ended up dyin
If you people get offended I don't care (stop cryin)
Tryin to get us to leave cuz what we say just aint clean (uh, uh)
But holdin back on what I say just aint me
[Kon Artis]
Now what's these parents all mad for? (Your music is bad for 'um)
For teenage kids that drink more than Ted Danson in Cheers
Carson drink beers, we all fart and piss and cuss out our bitch (SHUTUP!)
Broke or rich, I still do that same old shit
I don't jump in front of a camera and change no shit
So when they ask me about my sarcasticness
I just slap 'em, turn around and ask 'em this
[HOOK]
Hoooo Hoooo Hooo (Fade Out)

_____
(First Battle)
(Lickety Split)
Check this out
Check this out
Yo, this guys a choke-artist
Ya catch a bad one
Ya better off shootin ya-self wit Popa Doc's handgun
Climbin up this mountain, ya weak
I leave ya lost witout a paddle, floatin shit's creek
You ain't Detroit, I'm the D
You tha new kid on the block, bout to get smacked back to the boone-docks
Fuckin Nazi, this crowd ain't ya type
Take some real advice
And form a group with Vanilla Ice
And what I tell ya
Ya better use it
This guy's a hillbilly this ain't Willie Nelson music
Trailer trash
I choke ya till ya last breath
And have ya lookin foolish like Cheddar Bob when he shot his-self
Silly Rabbit, I know why they call you that
Cuz you follow Future, like he got carrots up his asscrack
And when you act it up, that's when you got jacked up
And left stupid like Tina Turner when she got smacked up
I crack ya shoulderblade
You'll get dropped so hard that Elvis will start turnin in his grave
I don't know why they left you out in the dark
Ya need to take your white ass back across 8 Mile to the trailer park
(Crowd Cheers)
(Rabbit/Eminem)
This guy raps like his parents jerked him
He sounds like Eric Sermon
The generic version
This whole crowd looks suspicious
It's all dudes in here
Except for these bitches
So I'm a German ay?
That's ok, you look like a fuckin worm with braids
These leaders of the Free World rookies
Lookie, how can 6 dicks be pussies
Talkin bout shit's creek, bitch you can be a piss creek
Wit paddles this deep
Ya still gonna sink
Your a disgrace
Ya they call me Rabbit
This is a turtle race
He can't get wit me spittin this shit
Wickedy Lickety shot
Spicious spickety split Lickety
So I'ma turn around wit a great smile
And walk my white ass back across 8 Mile
(Crowd cheers)
(2nd Battle)
(Lotto)
We rollin muthafuckaz
What's goin on baby?
Yo it's time to get rid of this coward right here once and for all
Sick of this muthafucka
(Rip it Lotto, rip it baby rip it, yeah) Check this shit out
Huhhh huhhh
I'll spit a racial slur honkey sue me
This shit is a horror flick
But a black guy doesn't die in this movie
Fuckin wit Lotto dog you gotta be kiddin
That makes me believe, you really don't have an interest in livin
You think these niggas gone feel the shit you say?
I got a better chance joinin the KKK
On some real shit though, I like you
That's why I didn't wanna have to be the one you commit suicide to
Fuck Lotto? Call me ya leader
I feel bad that I gotta murder that dude from Leave It To Beaver
I used to like that show
Noe you got me in fightback mode
But oh well if ya gotta go then ya gotta go
I hate to do this
I would love for this shit to last
So I'll take pictures of my rear end so you won't forget my ass
And alls well that ends ok
So I'll end this shit
Wit a fuck you, but, have a nice day
(Crowd cheers)
(Rabbit/Eminem)
Ward
I think you were a little hard on the Beaver
So was Eddie Haskal
Wally and Ms. Cleaver
This guy keeps screamin, he's paranoid
Quick, someone get his ass another steroid!
Blabbedy bloom blah, blum blabbedy bloom blah
I ain't hear a word you said, hibitit hoopla!
Is that a tanktop or a new bra?
Look, Snoop Dogg, just got a fuckin boob job
Did you listen to the last round meathead?
Pay attention, ya sayin the same shit that he said (I'ma fuck you up)
Matta fact dog, here's a pencil
Go home, write some shit, make it suspenseful
And don't come back until somethin dope hits you
Fuck it
You can take the Mic home wich you
Lookin like a cyclone hit you
Tanktop screamin,  Lotto I don't fit you
You see how far them white jokes get you
Boys like, how Vanilla Ice gone diss you?
My motto:
Fuck Lotto
I get the 7 digits from ya mother for a dollar tomorrow
(3rd Battle)
(Rabbit/Eminem)
Now everybody from the 3-1-3
Put ya muthafuckin hands up and follow me
Everybody from the 3-1-3
Put ya muthafuckin hands up
Look look
Now while he stands tough
Notice that this man did not have his hands up
This Free World's got ya gased up
Now who's afraid of the Big Bad Wolf
1, 2, 3 and to the 4
1pac, 2pac, 3pac, 4
4pac, 3pac, 2pac's, 1
Your Pac, he's Pac, No Pac's, None
This guy aint no muthafuckin MC
I know everything he's got to say against me
I am white
I am a fuckin bum
I do live in the trailer wit my mom
My boy future is an Uncle Tom
I do got a dumb friend named Cheddar Bob who shoots himself in his leg with his own gun
I did get jumped
By all 6 of you chumps
And Wink did fuck my girl
I'm still standin here screamin fuck the Free World!
Don't ever try to judge me dude
Cuz you don't know what the fuck I been through
But I know somethin about you
You went to Cranbrook, that's a private school
What's the matter dog you embarrassed?
This guys a gangster? His real name's Clarence
And Clarence lives at home with both parents
And Clarence parents have a real good marriage
This guy don't wanna battle, he's shook
Cuz ain't no such things as Half Way Crooks!
He's scared to death
He's scared to look
At his fuckin yearbook
Fuck Cranbook
Fuck a beat, I go acapella
Fuck a Popa Doc, fuck a clock, fuck a trailer fuck everybody
Fuck yall if you doubt me, I'ma piece of fuckin white trash I say it proudly
And fuck this battle I don't wanna win, I'm outtie
Here, tell these people somethin they don't know about me
(Crowd cheers)
(Papa Doc)
(Hands mic to Future...nothing comes to mind for Doc to say back at Rabbit.)

_____
American Psycho Lyrics
[Eminem]
I'm the devil - if ever there was such a thing
The results of much too many drugs what you're seeing
I'm a mindfuck, completely dis-(gus)-ting
I'm (white), a human mutt, fuck a being
I'm a dog - fuck lambs, I'm silencin 'em all
I'm involved in murders forensic science couldn't solve
Giant set of balls too big to buy a set of drawers
Might as well unzip my fly and let 'em fall to the floor
Each thought's completely warped
I'm like a walkin, talkin, ouija board
Speakin in tongues, I've never spoke this speech before
.. Hhem-delle-la, ennich-me-noughh-mi-niche-mick-norr ..
Have you ever experienced spirits in lyrics when you hear 'em
'til you scared to stare in into any mirrors when you near 'em?
Well if so, get ready for some shit yo
"Is this some kind of sick joke?" Shit no, motherfuckin schitzo
So disturbed, he just goes so berzerk he tiptoes
This verse was his urge to slit throats of just hoes
Just goes to shizzow you dizzon't, fizzuck with
so-someone this disturbed, sa-sippin on si-zzurp
So - lock your doors, drop to the floors
Get your shotguns drawn - here comes another "Clockwork Orange"
Look at Bizarre; you really think he's right in his mind?
What the fuck you think's goin through it when he's writin his rhyme?
[Chorus: Eminem]
You bout to - journey into the mind of a psychopath killer
Blood spiller, mentality much iller
than you could ever imagine in your wildest dreams
You'll feel his pain and his silent screams
You bout to - journey into the mind of a psychopath killer
Blood spiller, mentality much iller
than you could ever imagine in your wildest dreams
You'll feel his pain and his violent screams
[Bizarre]
It's Friday night, I'm at a rave again
Pickin up transvestites on my Harley-Davidson (hey hop on)
My girlfriend's a crackhead whore
She'll come to your door, suck your dick on the floor
and take your bottles to the store (nigga I'm takin these)
Have you ever seen a bitch get beat because she won't cheat
Run the street and suck another nigga's meat?
My son's sixteen years old with nowhere to stay (dad it's me)
I told him he wasn't mine, slammed the door in his face
And I ain't got no food, my job I've been cheated
My girlfriend had a miscarriage (I'm sorry) I had to eat it (ohh)
My dick is burnin, it ain't cause of disease
Because I'm jackin off with gasoline mixed with antifreeze (AHH!)
I'm livin in Waco Texas, me and my girl
Fuck David Koresh, I'm startin my own world
It's called Bizarre Cemetary, it's scary
Eatin a virgin's cherry, they're all gonna laugh at you Carey
[Chorus]
[Kon Artis with Eminem in parentheses]
I was born feet first, smoke 40's and drink weed
The Lord rehearsed my birth, I'm the worst breed
A nigga you ever set sight on, my right arm's
got more power than (?) Dragon's python so
"Journey into the mind of a psychopath killer"
(Light yo' ass like a liquid nitro-gas spiller
Psycho slash Michael Myers, Michael Jack's "Thriller"
Rifle slash knife faggot that's your "Cop Killer")
As a yung'un, I was beat where I was livin (aight)
Crossdressed just to get thrown in the women's prison
I guess I was just stressed to be a hoodlum
Being pressed caused the stress that caused the Ritalin
Pressed stressed and Ritalin caused the cop's feelings
to be hurt after they seen what I did to those children
I'm vulgaric, you Bo Derek; I throw you face flat off the terrace
so you can have somethin to stare at
[Chorus]

_____
(He's) Mentally ill from Amityville (He'll)
Accidentally kill your family still
Thinkin' he won't, God dammit, he will (He's)
Mentally ill from Amityville
(Eminem)
I get lifted and spin 'til I'm half-twisted
Feet planted and stand with a grin full of chapped
lipstick
Pen full of ink, think sinful and raps sick shit
Shrink, pencil me in for my last visit
Drink Gin 'til my chin's full of splashed whiskers
Hash Whiskey and ash 'til I slap bitches
Acts busy, he's been here the past 6 years
Mash with me again and imagine this
(He's) Mentally ill from Amityville (He'll)
Accidentally kill your family still
Thinkin' he won't, God dammit, he will (He's)
Mentally ill from Amityville
(He's) Mentally ill from Amityville (He'll)
Accidentally kill your family still
Thinkin' he won't, God dammit, he will (He's)
Mentally ill from Amityville
(Bizarre)
Fuck my cousin in his asshole, slit my mother's throat
Hehe, guess who Slim Shady just signed to Interscope
My little sisters birthday, she'll remember me
For a gift I had ten of my
boy's take her virginity
And bitches know me as a horny-ass freak
Her mother wasn't raped; I ate her pussy while she was
asleep
Pissy drunk throwing up in a urinal (YOU FUCKING
HOMO!)
That's what I said up at my dad's funeral
(He's) Mentally ill from Amityville (He'll)
Accidentally kill your family still
Thinkin' he won't, God dammit, he will (He's)
Mentally ill from Amityville
(He's) Mentally ill from Amityville (He'll)
Accidentally kill your family still
Thinkin' he won't, God dammit, he will (He's)
Mentally ill from Amityville
(Eminem)
That's why the city is filled with a bunch of fuckin'
idiots still
That's why the first motherfucker poppin' some shit,
he gets killed
That's why we don't call it  Detroit , we call it
Amityville
You can get capped after just having a cavity filled
That's why they're crowned the murder capital still
This ain't Detroit, this is motherfuckin' Hamburger
Hill
We don't do drive-bys; we park in front of houses and
shoot
And when the police come, we fuckin' shoot it out with
them too
That's the mentality here, that's the reality here
Did I just hear somebody say they wanna challenge me
here?
While I'm holdin' a pistol with this many calibers
here?
Plus a registration, that just made this shit valid
this year?
'Cause once I snap, I can't be held accountable for my
actions
That's when accidents happen, when a thousand bullets
come at your house
And collapse the foundation around you when they found
you and your family in it
God dammit, admit it when he told you
*Screams*
(He's) Mentally ill from Amityville (He'll)
Accidentally kill your family still
Thinkin' he won't, God dammit, he will (He's)
Mentally ill from Amityville
(He's) Mentally ill from Amityville (He'll)
Accidentally kill your family still
Thinkin' he won't, God dammit, he will (He's)
Mentally ill from Amityville

_____
(kill kill kill)
Dahh-dum, dahh-dum.. dum
Dahh-dum, dahh-dum, duh-da-da-da-da
(kill kill kill)
Dahh-dum, dahh-dum.. dum
Dahh-dum, dahh-dum, dumm..
(kill kill kill)
[Chorus: Eminem]
Mentally illll from Amityvilllle (ILLLL)
Accidentally killll your family stillll
Thinkin he won't? God-damnit he willll (HE'SSSS)
Mentally illll from Amityvilllle
[(HE'SSSS) - on repeats only]
[Eminem]
I get lifted and spin til I'm half-twisted
Feet planted and stand with a grin full of chapped lipstick (SMACK)
Pen full of ink, think sinful and rap sick shit
Shrink pencil me in for my last visit
Drink gin til my chin's full of splashed whiskers (whoosh)
Hash whiskey and ash til I slap bitches (smack)
Ask Bizzy, he's been here the past six years
Mash with me you'll get in imagine this
[Chorus 2X]
[Bizarre]
I fucked my cousin in his asshole, slit my mother's throat
(AHHHHHHHH!) Guess who Slim Shady just signed to Interscope?
My little sister's birthday, she'll remember me
For a gift I had ten of my boys take her virginity
(Mmm mm mmm!) And bitches know me as a horny ass freak
Their mother wasn't raped, I ate her pussy while she was 'sleep
Pissy-drunk, throwin up in the urinal (YOU FUCKIN HOMO!)
That's what I said at my dad's funeral
[Chorus 2X]
[Eminem]
That's why the city is filled with a bunch of fuckin idiots still (still)
That's why the first motherfucker poppin some shit he gets killed (killed)
That's why we don't call it Detroit, we call it Amityville ('Ville)
You can get capped after just havin a cavity filled (filled)
Ahahahaha, that's why we're crowned the murder capital still (still)
This ain't Detroit, this is motherfuckin Hamburger Hill! (Hill!)
We don't do drivebys, we park in front of houses and shoot
and when the police come we fuckin shoot it out with them too!
That's the mentality here (here) that's the reality here (here)
Did I just hear somebody say they wanna challenge me here?? (huh?)
While I'm holdin a pistol with this many calibres here?? (here??)
Got some registration and just made this shit valid this year? (year?)
Cause once i snap i cant be held accountable for my actions
and that's when accidents happen,
when a thousand bullets come at your house
and collapse the foundation around and they found you
and your family in it (AHHHHH!)
GOT DAMNIT HE MEANT IT WHEN HE TELLS YOU
[Chorus 2X]
Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum..

_____
[Eminem]
Hi!
Original Bad Boy on the case, cover your face
Came in the place blowed, and sprayed Puffy with Mase
I laced the weed with insect repellant, better check the smelly
Eminem starts with E, better check the spelling
with a capital, somebody grab me a Snapple
I got an aspirin capsule trapped in my adam's apple (hurry up!)
Somebody dropped me on my head, and I was sure
that my mother did it, but the bitch won't admit it was her
I slit her stomach open with a scalpel when she was six months
and said, "I'm ready now bitch - ain't you feelin these kicks cunt?"
The world ain't ready for me yet, I can tell
I'll probably have a cell next to the furnace in hell
I'm sicker than sperm cells with syphillis germs
and I'm hotter than my dick is, when I piss and it burns
I kick you in the tummy until you sick to your stomach
and vomit so much blood that your clothes stick to you from it (yuck!)
(Yuck!) Hit you in the head with a brick til you plummet
If y'all don't like me, you can suck my dick til you numb it
And all that gibberish you was spittin, you need to kill it
Cause your style is like dyin in my sleep, I don't feel it
[Chorus (Eminem):]
Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
for twenty grand and a bottle of pain pills and a minithin
is fuckin crazy -- you hear me? Ha?
Is fuckin crazy -- hello, hi!
Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
for twenty grand and a bottle of pain pills and a minithin
is fuckin crazy -- do you hear me?
Is fuckin crazy
[Eminem]
I'm ice grillin you, starin you down with a gremlin grin
I'm Eminem, you're a fag in a women's gym
I'm Slim, the Shady is really a fake alias
to save me with in case I get chased by space aliens
A brainiac, with a cranium packed, full of more uranium
than a maniac Saudi Arabian
A highly combustible head, spazmatic
strapped to a Kraftmatic adjustable bed
Laid up in the hospital in critical condition
I flatlined; jumped up and ran from the mortician
High speed, IV full of thai weed
Lookin Chinese, with my knees stuck together like siamese
twins, joined at the groin like lesbians
Uhh, pins and needles, hypodermic needles and pins
I hope God forgives me for my sins -- it probably all depends
on if I keep on killin my girlfriends
[Chorus: Eminem]
Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
for twenty grand and a bottle of pain pills and a minithin
is fuckin crazy -- you hear me? Ha?
Is fuckin crazy -- listen!!
Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
for twenty grand and a bottle of pain pills and a minithin
is fuckin crazy -- you hear me?
Is fuckin crazy
[Eminem]
Last night I O.D.'d on rush, mushrooms and dust
and got rushed to the hospital to get my system flushed
(Shucks!) I'm an alcoholic and that's all I can say
I call in to work, cause all I do is frolic and play
I swallow grenades, and take about a bottle a day
of Tylenol 3, and talk about how violent I'll be (RRARRRRH)
Give me eleven Excederin my head'll spin
Medicine'll get me revvin like a 747 jet engine
Scratched my balls til I shredded skin
"Doctor, check this rash, look how red it's been"
"It's probably AIDS!" Forget it then
I strike a still pose and hit you with some ill flows
that don't even make sense, like dykes usin dildos
So reach in your billfolds, for ten ducats
and pick up this Slim Shady shit that's on Rawkus
Somethin somethin somethin, somethin I get weeded
My daughter scribbled over that rhyme, I couldn't read it
Damn!
[Chorus (Eminem)]
Something's not right
I'm sorry,
I'm mentally retarded
Slim Shady
I think thats my name
Ruckus Records
Fuckin' Crazy
You hear us?
We're fuckin' crazy
All of us
Hi....bye
Nine somethin....

_____
The Armageddon Freestyle  EMINEM
fucker
yeah
Oh shit, it's the evil genius
Green lantern
yeah
A yo Em
Ha ha
what we call this shit right here
The invasion
You have part one u got part two now its
Part three
The final chapter mother fuckers
Armageddon, lets go
I got a riddle what's little and talks big
with midget arms and creamy white fillin in the middle
that will do anything to throw dirt on my name
if it means walkin the whole Mediterranean
isn't it Albanian, Armenian, Iranian, Tasmanian no
its Dave Raymon and oh, ho so sorry yo so sorry wo
but that was a long time ago when I was just joe shmoe
rappin in joe blows basement I apologized for it befo, so
either except it or you don't and lets move on
if I've shown that I've grown and get the bone
keep lickin these nuts you industry mutts
keep walkin around sniffin each others butts
or should I say asses
what would be the more politically correct term to use for the masses
hold up hold up hold up
new york city man
it's the kid Lloyd Banks
and it u hearin what I'm hearin right now
you know this aint no regular shit homy
this something special and we gotta bring this back
Green common
countdown to armageddon
lets go
I got a riddle what's little and talks big
with midget arms and creamy white fillin in the middle
that will do anything to throw dirt on my name
if it means walkin the whole Mediterranean
isn't it Albanian, Armenian, Iranian, Tasmanian no
its Dave Raymon and oh, ho so sorry yo so sorry wo
but that was a long time ago when I was just joe shmoe
rappin in joe blows basement I apologized for it befo so
either except it or you don't and lets move on
if I've shown that I've grown and get the bone
keep lickin these nuts you industry mutts
keep walkin around sniffin each others butts
or should I say asses
what would be the more politically correct term to use for the masses
the question I ask is
how can I explain this
how can I swing this in English language
if I switch to slang and turn man to man
do I do it in vein or simply to entertain
am I bein real or am I bein fake
am I just a fraud or am I truly genuine
or am I caught up in this hot water wody on my daughter
I told ya I love this culture don't let em? insult ya
I'm tell ya one me (a)gain this is the environment that I was brought up in
but every now and then I use my pen to get rid of some frustratshin
or should I say or should I say shon
is it just another one of my subliminal was of racism
your face is numb your stunned your look is cold
like that of a man of seventy some years old
and it only gets colder which Is why I understand
and cant be mad at a forty four year old fan
with a chip on his shoulder who only owns a half of a magazine
and the only way to have it seen is to put me on the front of it again
only thing that makes him grin is to see me frown
papa cant stand me papa needs to take his medication and sit the fuck down
in his new chair that goes round and round
that he bought from new money in his bank account
that I get him every issue when the thang comes out
sit back and let his puffy clown hair come out
and let his black side arm wrestle his white side
yell a partied loud enough that he might slide
he might find someone dumb enough who might ride
but aint nobody over here buyin two white guys disguised as propalac
there is no slack
far heart for college grat. In a fitted hat and a hunch back
standin by the clearance coat rack
in some old slacks and tomorrows old throw backs
yeah
shady in the place to be c
and it takes what I got to rock the mic right
still not gonna cater these punks
fuckin cocksuckin pussy lips haters dicks cunts

_____
Chorus: Repeat 2X
I dont know why this world keep turning
Round and Round
But I wish it would stop, and let me off right now
Yes man
As the World Turns
We all experience things in life
Trials and Tribulations
That we all must go through
When someone wants to test us
When someone tries our patience
[Eminem]
I hang with a bunch of hippies
and wacky tobacco planters
Who swallow lit roaches
and light up like jack-o-lanterns
Outsiders baby, and we suing the courts
Cuz we're dope as fuck and only get a 2 in the source
They never should've booted me out of reform school
Deformed fool,takin a shit in a warm pool
They threw me out the Ramada Inn
I said it wasn't me, I got a twin (Oh my god its you! Not again!)
It all started when my mother took my bike away
Cuz I murdered my guinea pig and stuck him in the microwave
After that, It was straight to the 40 ouncers
Slappin teachers, and jackin off in front of my counselors
Class clown freshman, dressed like Les Nessman
Fuck the next lesson, I'll past the test guessin
And all the other kids said Eminem's a dishead,
He'll never last, the only class he'll pass is phys ed
May be true, till I told this bitch in gym class
That she was too fat to swim laps, she needed Slim Fast (Who Me?)
Yeah bitch you so big you walked into big Tanny's and stepped on Jenny Craig
She picked me up to snap me like a skinny twig
Put me in the headlock, then I thought of my guinea pig
I felt the evilness and started transformin (RARRRR!)
It began storming, I heard a bunch of cheering fans swarming
Grabbed that bitch by her hair
Drug her across the ground
And took her up to the highest diving board and tossed her down
Sorry coach, its too late to tell me stop
While I drop this bitch face down and watch her belly flop
Chorus
As the World Turns
These are the days of our lives
These are the things that we must go through
Day by day
[Eminem]
We drive around in million dollar sports cars
While little kids hide this tape from their parents like bad report cards
Outsiders, and we suing the courts
Cuz we dope as fuck and only get a 2 in The Source
Hypercondriac, hanging out at the laundromat
Where all the raunchy fat white trashy blondes be at
Dressed like a sailor, standin by a pale of garbage
Its almost dark and I'm still tryna nail a trailor park bitch
I met a slut and said  What up, its nice to meet ya
I'd like to treat ya to a faygo and a slice of pizza
But I'm broke as fuck and I don't get paid till the first of next month
But if you care to join me, I was bout to roll this next blunt
But I aint got no weed, no phillies, or no papers
Plus I'm a rapist and a repeated prison escapist
So gimme all your money
And don't try nothin funny
Cuz you know your stinkin ass is too fat to try to out run me
I went to grab my gun
Thats when her ass put it on me
Wit an uppercut and hit me with a basket of laundry
I fell through the glass doors
Started causin a scene
Then slid across the floor and flew right into a washin machine
Jumped up with a broken back
Thank god I was smokin crack all day
And doped up off coke and smack
All I wanted to do was rape the bitch and snatch her purse
Now I wanna kill her
But so I gotta catch her first
Ran through Alleys, parkin lots and took a shortcut
Saw the house she ran up in
And shot her fuckin porch up
Kicked the door down to murder this divorced slut
Looked around the room
Thats when I seen the bedroom door shut
I know you're in there bitch! I got my gun cocked!
You might as well come out now
She said  Come in, its unlocked!
I walked in and all I smelled was Liz Claiborne
And seen her spread across the bed naked watchin gay porn
She said  Come her big boy, lets get acquainted
I turned around to run, twisted my ankle and sprained it
She came at me at full speed, nothin could stop her
I shot her five times and every bullet bounced off her
I started to beg  No, please let go
But she swallowed my fuckin leg whole like an egg roll
With one leg left, now I'm hoppin around crippled
I grabbed my pocket knife and sliced off her right nipple
Just trying to buy me some time, then I remembered this magic trick
Den Den Den Den Den Den, Go go gadget dick!
Whipped that shit out, and aint no doubt about it
It hit the ground and caused an earthquake and power outage
I shouted  Now bitch, lets see who gets the best!
Stuffed that shit in crooked and fucked that fat slut to death (Ahh!! Ahhh!)
Come here bitch!
Come here!
Take this motherfuckin dick!
Bitch, come here!
Chorus to fade
And as we go along
Throughout the days of our lives
We all face small obstacles and challenges everyday
That we must go through
These are the things that surround us through our atmosphere
Every day
Every single day the world keeps turning
keeps turning

_____
[Chorus]
The way you shake it, I can't believe it
I ain't never seen an ass like that
The way you move it, you make my slinky go
Doing, doing, doing
I don't believe it, it's almost too good to be true
I ain't never seen an ass like that
The way you move it, you make my slinky go
Doing, doing, doing
The way she moves she's like a belly dancer
She's shaking that ass to that new nelly jam, I
Think someones at the door
But I don't think I'm gonna answer
Police saying "freeze"
Doing, doing, doing
What do you mean freeze?
Please, I'm a human being, I have needs
I'm not done, not till I'm finish peeing
I am not resisting arrest, I am agreeing Mr. Officer
I'm already on my knees
I can't get on the ground any further, it's impossible for me
And do not treat me like a murderer, I just like to pee, pee, pee
Yes, I make r&b, I sing song it go
Ring-a-chong, a-ching-chong-chong-chong-ching
Psych, I joke, I joke, I kidd, I kidd
If I offend I'm sorry, please, please forgive
For I am Triumph, the puppet dog, I am a mere puppet
I can get away with anything I sing, you will love it
[Chorus]
Jessica Simpson, looks oh so temptin'
Nick I ain't never seen an ass like that
Everytime I see that show on MTV my slinky goes
Doing, doing, doing
Mary-Kate and Ashley used to be so wholesome
Now they're getting older, they're starting to grow bum bums
I go to the movies and sit down with my pop corn
Police saying "freeze"
Doing doing doing
What do you mean freeze?
Geez, I just got my seat
I have ticket, look, I put away my zipper zipped
Please do not remove me from this movie theater please
I did not even get to see Mary-Kate shower scene
I didn't mean to be obscene or make a great big scene
And don't treat me like I'm pee wee herman, this movies PG
Mr. Officer, I demand to see my attorney
I will simply plead innocent, cop a plea and be free
Free, yes, free, right back on the streets
What you mean my lawyer's with Michael, he's too busy?
I am Triumph, Britney Spears has shoulders like a man
And I can say that and you'll laugh cuz that is a puppet on my hand
[Chorus]
Hilary Duff is not quite old enough so
I ain't never seen a butt like that
Maybe next year I'll say ass and she'll make my slinky go
Doing, doing, doing
The way she moves she dances like a go-go
In that video she sings get out your bozo
I need a new boyfriend, hi my name is JoJo
Police saying "freeze"
Doing, doing, doing
What do you mean freeze?
My computers would be seized and my keys to my ranch
I just baked cookies Mr. Officer, looky, take a whiff of these
Here, I make Jesus juice, take a sip of this
Nobody is safe from me, no not even me
I don't even know if I can say the word pee pee, pee
On the radio, but I think I did
Janet, is that a breast, I think I just saw a tit
Psych, I joke, I joke, I kidd, I kidd
I don't think my joke is working, I must flee quick
Get to the chopper, everybody get out
I am not Triumph, I am Arnold, get down
[Chorus]
So Gwen Stefani, will you pee pee on me please?
I ain't never seen an ass like that
Cuz the way you move it, you make my slinky go
Doing, doing, doing
Fuck is wrong with you? (ha!)

_____
Now everybody from the 3,1,3
Put ya mothafucking hands up and follow me.
Now Everybody from the 3,1,3
put ya mothafucking hands up.
Look Look.
Now while he stands tough notice this man did not have his hands up.
This free world got you gased up.
Now whos afraid of the big bag wolf.
1 2 3 and to the 4.
1 pac 2 pac 3 pac 4.
4 pac 3 pac 2 pac 1.
Your pac he's pac no pac None.
This guy aint no mother-fuckin MC,
I know everything he's got to say against me,
I am white, I am a fuckin bum, I do live in a trailer with my mom,
My boy future is an uncle tom.
I do got a dumb friend named Cheddar Bomb
who shoots himself in his leg with his own gun,
I did get jumped by all 6 of you chumps
And Wink did fuck my girl,
I'm still standin here screamin "FUCK THE FREE WORLD!"
Don't ever try to judge me dude,
You don't know what the fuck I've been through
But i know something about you
You went to Cranbrook
thats a private school.
What's the matter, dawg you embarressed?
This guy is a gangster, His real name's Clarence.
Hey Clarence lives at home with both parents.
Clarence's parents have a real good marrige,
This guy dont wanna battle He's shook
cause ain't no such things as Halfway Crooks.
He's scared to death
He's scared to look at his fucking year book
Fuck Cranbrook.
Fuck a beat I go a capella
fuck a papa doc fuck a clock fuck a trailer fuck everybody
fuck y'all if you doubt me, i'm a piece of a fucking white trash
i say it proudly.
fuck this battle i dont wanna win i'm outtie--
here tell these people something they dont know about me.

_____
Check it out
Yo, yo?
Your style is generic, mines authentic made,
I roll like a renegade, you need clinic aid,
My techniques bizarre and ill, I scar and kill,
You were a star until I served you like a bar and grill,
Then I proceed on to cook and grill ya,
That's all it took to kill ya,
You betta recognize me like I look familiar,
You wanna battle? I beat around the bush,
Like you're scared to lick pussy so you eat around the tush,
I need a clown to push, someone I can bully,
Wait a minute, I don't think you understand fully,
See me without a style like mustard without the Heinz,
I lead the new school, you' re a *Busta* without the *Rhymes*,
I'll crush the shit out ya lines,

_____
Yo, yo...
Your style is generic,
mines authentic made,
I roll like a renegade,
you need clinic aid,
My techniques bizarre and ill,
I scar and kill,
You were a star until I served you like a bar and grill,
And I proceed to cook and grill ya,
Thats all it took to kill ya,
You betta recognize me like I look familiar,
You wanna battle?
You beat around the bush,
Like youre scared to lick pussy so you eat around the tush,
I need a clown to push,
someone that I can bully,
Wait a minute,
I dont think you understand fully,
See me without a style like mustard without the Heinz,
I lead the new school,
you' re a 'busta without the 'rhymes',
I'll crush the shit out ya lines,
no nigga sheky
smokin the leak leaky
ten freaky girsl
inside the Chin Tiki
girl when u see me  u gots to believe me
this aint a game n
pimp it aint easy
anything goes when it comes to hoes
im the kingpin when it comes to flows
u betta ask someone if u dont know
when u see me girl say,  What up dog'

_____
Diffusion:
yo, B-rabbit
this silly rabbit dont like leathers I heard he like dicks
Fagget niggaz, with ponytails and lipstick
I'm for real, dont give a fuck, what, what, ohh
its like this, eastside is where I'm from, you got beef
hit me on the streets with a badge and a gun
fuck the badge, I'm comin through with a black mask
about to do this b-rabbit nigga cause he a fag, like I said
earlier in the clause, I stated that in my, oh shit (laughter)
B-rabbit:
aight look, I can see that Im put to the test,
battlin this chick, with no breasts
and why I got to battle a chick, especially one thats wack, wit a dick
so you a dope MC, dont get mad and start takin your period out on me
cause I aint done shit to you, whats your name diffusion,
well I guess I gotta confuse you, this aint something Im use to,
why the fuck did future even introduce you
I really dont understand why this chick is up here right now,
and wants to be a man
on this mic is rat-a-tat-tat, why the fuck am I standing here battlin the brat
you dont really even wanna see this, on this microphone I wont eat your fuckin fetus

_____
[Marv One]
yo yo, yall ready for death
yall ready for death
Marv One that fat killer the game done got ugly, lets go
yo, yo, I seen your type before you think you tough, battle you
Bitch you lucky I dont beat you up
In the game of fist ta cups Ill push your face back
You cant fuck with me man, really just face facts
As he verses me in a battle of ten rounds
Its like Mugsey Boags tryin to bark with Jim Brown
Dumb fuck, Im the type to run a muck, come in the club drunk as fuck
Slap your bitch who even buck, when I walk.....
Tell your a man the size of a ?D and D dof?
Tryin to take his ear off, like mike types,
I quite nice on fight night, an why he popped shit
I thought he liked flyin, appearntly not
Im Nickel hairinly hot, and if I meant you
may your parents be shot
You im a bad boy, bitch is on, I pull 44s in your chest
Like your freak mahone
[B-Rabbit]
Hold on faggot, let me turn this mic on
Dont think for a minute Im goin let you get away with that song
Cause that shit was wack, you aint spittin
As a matter of fact all of that shit was written,
And I no it wasnt for me, shorely, you really must adore me,
Now look it,
Yo, you might as well move to Italy
Look this guy is ripped (skkkrr) literally
You dont wanna really fuck wit this,
On this microphone, I aint stuck-a lot-to-kiss
But I dont give a fuck, you can keep that doe rap
And turn your ass back around with your fuckin skull cap,
and your bandana or your mother fuckin sweat band
fuckin with this style youre a dead man,
I aint redman but on this mic yo I pick it up,
Just like your face when I had to rip it up,
You dont wanna see me,
Yo, uh

_____
This guy raps like his parents jerked him,
he sounds like eric sermon, the generic version,
This whole crowd looks suspicious, its all dudes in here,
Cept for these bitches,
So i'm a german eh, thats ok,
You look like a fucking worm with braids,
These leaders of the free world rookies,
Lookie, how can 6 dicks beat pussies?
Talkin about shit's creek,
Bitch you can be up piss creek,
With paddles, this deep, your still gonna sink,
Your a disgrace, yeah they call me rabbit,
This is a turtle race,
He can't get with me spitting this shit wickedly,
lickity shot tospickety, sickly  split lickity,
So i'ma turn around with a great smile,
And walk my white ass back across 8 mile!

_____
My love, You were the one thing in my life
That I treated bad
Sometimes enough I made you cry
And I know the way I made you feel was wrong
(I left you sad and lonely)
The things I did, the words I said were much too strong
And I swear if you come back to me
I'll do things much differently
If you were here with me today
This is what you'd hear me say
Chorus:
We could've been so good together
Couldn't we give it just one more try?
I thought that we would last forever
But now you're gone and I think I know why
I guess I should have said I am sorry
Maybe things wouldn't be this way heaven knows I love you baby
If you love me, baby come back to me
All the times that I made you cry
I'm sorry, don't you say goodbye
I wish I had this chance to love you more
(I love you, I love you)
But now you're gone I can't go on
I'm all alone
And I swear if you come back to me
I'll do things much differently
If you were here with me today
This is what you'd here me say
Chorus
Tonight I'm only thinking of you
Feeling sorry for myself that's all I can do
Without you here I know I'd fall apart
So at night I dream of holding you in my arms
(At night I dream you're in my arms)
(Ooh baby baby)
If you were here with me today
This is what you'd hear me say
Chorus

_____
[Police voice:]
Attention all units, attention all units
We have an All Points Bulletin out on a man with green hair
I repeat, we have an APB on a man with green hair
He's armed with a knife, I repeat, he's armed with a knife
Proceed with caution, watch your back fella's
He could be coming at your girlfriend next
[Verse 1:]
There's a joker on the loose from the psychiatric ward
His face is up on the bulletin board with a reward
He'll stab you with a sword don't be fooled by his charm
He's probably armed with intent to do bodily harm
Ring the alarm, look for a man with green hair
Check at your girl's house, he was last seen there
He's has a mean stare but usually crack's jokes
Good luck on your mission and guard your backs folks
[Chorus:]
I make you think you're a best friend then
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a best friend then
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!
[Verse 2:]
We got the walkie-talkies to keep us all informed
Suited up head to toe in detective uniforms
Our unit storms in, we split the ghetto in sectors
Locking down every block and put up metal detectors
Protectors and be sure that you stand close
Watch each others backs and guard your command post
And most of all be advised that he's wise
He could be disguised as one of your very own guys
[Chorus:]
I make you think you're a best friend then
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a best friend then
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!
[Verse 3:]
I'm on a solo mission to find him personally
To settle the score and beat then him mercifully
For what he first did to me
It's sure to be the last
Following footprints with a magnifying glass
To drag his lying ass back to his padded cell
I'm mad as hell, on the trail of the tattle tail
I heard a yell the voice sounded familiar
"Give me your girlfriend or I'm gonna kill ya"
[Chorus:]
I make you think you're a best friend then
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a best friend then
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!
[Verse 4:]
I followed the voice that led down a flight of steps
Sneezing at dust, and swinging at the spider-webs
Inside the depths of his basement
I taste lint in my mouth, then the lights in the place? went!
I saw my life flash in front of my eyes
I felt a butcher knife slash at one of my thighs
None of my guys knew where I'm at I was doomed
Then I remembered the flashlight in my costume
[Chorus:]
I make you think you're a best friend then
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a best friend then
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!
[Verse 5:]
Dealing with backstabber's there was one thing I learned
They're only powerful when you got your back turned
I yearned for the day that we finally met again
So I can give him a taste of his own medicine
He shed his skin, then he promised to come clean
I took his butcher knife and jabbed it into his spleen
Cut him at the seam then dragged the fella home
Beating him over the head with the telephone
[Police voice:]
Attention all cars, attention all cars
Unit 313 has apprehended the suspect
He's going back to the crazy home, I repeat
He's going back to the crazy home, how about that?
[Chorus:]
I make you think you're a best friend then
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a best friend then
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!
I make you think you're a best friend then
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a best friend then
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!
I make you think you're a best friend then
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a best friend then
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!

_____
(feat. Dr. Dre)
The Wild.. Gotham
The Wild.. West [*BANG BANG, BANG*]
Ha ha, riiiiide..
[Dr. Dre]
All you see is the sun, reflectin off of the gun
I'm ready for the showdown, that go down at one
Sweat on my brow, let's settle it now
I'ma show you how real cowboys get down
I'm polishin gold, waitin for this drama to unfold
I got a {blunt} rolled
Feelin bold, gangsters blood runs cold
It's time to reload this old .45 colt
The wind's gusty, it's hot, muggy and dusty
Bust a couple shots, make sure I'm not rusty
It's passed noon, he should be here soon
Sip a little moonshine inside a saloon
All of a sudden I can hear the sound of hoofs
Sounds like a thousand wolves
I cock back, put the toast in the holster and froze
I pose like a poster, he's closer than close
I hold the heat sturdy, I heard he fight's dirty
but I'ma put thirty inside him and leave early
And just when I went to fill him with hot lead
I put the gun to his head, and this is what he said
[Eminem]
You never met me, and you'll probably never see me again
but I know you - the name's Slim - you want revenge
Then don't shoot, I'm in the same boots as you
I'm tellin the truth, I got a price on my head too, cause when you..
[Chorus:]
You ride like a cowboy toward the sun
And life ain't fun, when you're on the run
Got your gold and you got your gun
But life as an outlaw just begun
Got your shotgun by your side
Got your horse and you got your pride
You ride til there ain't no place to hide
It's sad cause the bad guys always die
[Dr. Dre + Eminem]
He was "Shady," I seen by the look on his face
He said take ten paces {shit} I took eight
Spun around and I aimed straight for the brain
My {shit} went bang but it only fired a blank, he said
(You need bullets, hurry up run!) [*imitating Slick Rick*]
I put a clip in the gun, and pointed at his lungs
We both drew at the same time and stood stunned
(Go ahead, shoot me, but I'm not the one you want)
I figured he was tellin the truth, that's why I didn't shoot
So what we gon' do, it's on you
(Do you recall when you and Snoop was a group)
The Chronic!
(Well all we gotta do is find a map to part two)
(And plus I know who's got it)
Who
(Some old dude, he's got 26 plaques and he already sold two)
Loaded up my saddle, got ready for battle
Hid two pieces of gold inside of my saddle
We rolled two miles until we hit the spot
An old ghost town that everybody forgot
A place where they used to smoke chronic a lot
Slim grabbed the shotgun (Dre here's the plot)
[Eminem]
This is the spot, they call him Doc Loveless
He's goin around sayin he took the game from us
(Let's shoot him in his kneecaps, he'll never see it comin)
But he ain't got no legs, they cut 'em off at the stomach
He's got mechanical legs, he spins webs
Plus he's well respected by the hip-hop heads
Our mission - is to get him to stop layin eggs
And we can put him on his back down a flight of steps
[Dr. Dre]
I drew two guns, spun them on my fingers
Kicked the swingin doors in, started gun slinging
I could hear somebody singin - it sounded like a "G Thang,"
and a verse from "Keep Their Heads Ringin"
I said "It's Dre's Day," and started to spray
Against 1800, he pulls a AK
Hollow tips started flyin every which way
[Eminem]
That's when I seen Dre in trouble and came with the gauge
I fired the first shot, spun his body around
He hit the ground and landed upside down
Dre grabbed the map, the plaques and the gold
I grabbed two girlies and a {blunt} that's rolled
[Chorus 2X]
Always die..
The Wild.. Gotham
The Wild.. West [*BANG BANG, BANG*]
Ha ha, riiiiide..

_____
Artist: Eminem f/ Royce Da Five-Nine
[intro]
[Cowboy]
I reckon you ain't familiar with these here parts
You know, there's a story behind that there saloon
Twenty years ago, two outlaws took this whole town over
Sheriffs couldn't stop em
Quickest damn gun slingers I've ever seen
Got murdered in cold blood
That ol' saloon there was their lil' home away from home
They say the ghosts of Bad and Evil still live in that tavern
And on a quiet night
You can still hear the footsteps of Slim Shady and Royce Da Five-Nine
[Eminem]
I don't speak, I float in the air wrapped in a sheet
I'm not a real person, I'm a ghost trapped in a beat
I translate when my voice is read through a sismograph
And a noise is bred, picked up and transmitted through Royce's head (AAHHH)
Trapped him in his room, possessed him and hoist his bed
Till the evilness flows through his blood like poisonous lead
Told him each one of his boys is dead
I asked him to come to the dark side, he made a choice and said
[Royce]
Who hard? yo I done heard worse
We can get in two cars and accelerate at each other
To see which one'll swerve first
Two blind bandits panic, whose mental capacity holds
That of a globe on top of nine other planets
Kissed the cheek of the devil
Intelligence level is hell-ier than treble peakin on speakers in the ghetto
Dismissal, I'm not a fair man, disgraced the race of a atheist
Intercepting missles wit my bare hands like a patriot
One track sliced without swords, I buried the Christ corpse
In my past life when the Black Knight mounted the white horse
And stay over-worked, its like the Nazis in the nations
Collaborating, attemptin to take over the earth
[Eminem]
Cuz this is what happens when Bad Meets Evil
We hit the trees till we look like Vietnamese people
He's Evil, and I'm Bad like Steve Segal
Above the Law cuz I don't agree wit police either (shit, me neither)
We ain't eager to be legal
So please leave me wit the keys to your Jeep Eagle
I breathe ether in three amounts
When I stab myself in the knee with a diseased needle
Releasin rage on anybody in squeezing range
Cold enough to make the seasons change into freezing rain
(He's insane) No I'm not, I just want to shoot up and I'm pissed off
Cuz I can't find a decent vain
[Royce]
The disaster wit dreds
I'm Bad enough to commit suicide and survive long enough
To kill my soul after I'm dead
When in danger it's funny actually my flavor's similar to a waiter
Cuz I serve any stranger wit money
I spray a hundred, man until they joint chains
While slippin bullets at point blank range like they was punches
Piss on a flag and burn it, murder you then come to your funeral
Serve this lobbyist, strangle your body then confirm you
Whippin human ass, throwin blows crackin jaws
Wit my fists wrapped in gause, dipped in glue and glass
I'm blazin MC's, at the same time amazin MC's
Somehow MC's ain't that eye-brow raisin to me
From all of angles of us, flash a mack loud enough to cast a avalanche
And bust till volcanoes errupt
[interlude]
*phone rings*
Hello? (Billy) Aiyyo what's up (we're comin to get you)
STOP, THEY KNOW IT'S US!!
[Eminem]
I used to be a loudmouth, remember me? (uh-ah)
I'm the one who burned your house down (oh)
Well I'm out now (shit), and this time I'm comin back to blow your house up
And I ain't gon leave you a window to jump out of
Give me two fat tabs and three shrooms
And you won't see me like fat people in steam rooms
And when I go to hell and I'm gettin ready to leave
I'ma put air in a bag and charge people to breathe
[Royce] (Eminem)
Cuz this is what happens when Bad Meets Evil
And we hit the trees till we look like Vietnamese people
He's Evil, and I'm Bad like Steve Segal
Against peaceful, see you in hell for the sequel
(We'll be waitin) See you in hell
Wall Street, Royce Da Five-Nine, Slim Shady
See you in hell for the sequel (bye bye)
Bad Meets Evil, what? (till next time)
[Cowboy]
And so that's the story when Bad Meets Evil
Two of the most wanted individuals in the county
Made Jesse James and Billy the Kid look like law-abiding citizens
It's too bad they had to go out the way they did
Got shot in the back comin out of that ol' saloon
But their spirits still live on till this day
Shhh...[spits] wait, did y'all hear that?
[Footsteps and windblowing]

_____
[intro]
[Cowboy]
I reckon you ain't familiar with these here parts
You know, there's a story behind that there saloon
Twenty years ago, two outlaws took this whole town over
Sheriffs couldn't stop em
Quickest damn gun slingers I've ever seen
Got murdered in cold blood
That ol' saloon there was their lil' home away from home
They say the ghosts of Bad and Evil still live in that tavern
And on a quiet night
You can still hear the footsteps of Slim Shady and Royce Da Five-Nine
[Eminem]
I don't speak, I float in the air wrapped in a sheet
I'm not a real person, I'm a ghost trapped in a beat
I translate when my voice is read through a sismograph
And a noise is bred, picked up and transmitted through Royce's head (AAHHH)
Trapped him in his room, possessed him and hoist his bed
Till the evilness flows through his blood like poisonous lead
Told him each one of his boys is dead
I asked him to come to the dark side, he made a choice and said
[Royce]
Who hard? yo I done heard worse
We can get in two cars and accelerate at each other
To see which one'll swerve first
Two blind bandits panic, whose mental capacity holds
That of a globe on top of nine other planets
Kissed the cheek of the devil
Intelligence level is hell-ier than treble peakin on speakers in the ghetto
Dismissal, I'm not a fair man, disgraced the race of a atheist
Intercepting missles wit my bare hands like a patriot
One track sliced without swords, I buried the Christ corpse
In my past life when the Black Knight mounted the white horse
And stay over-worked, its like the Nazis in the nations
Collaborating, attemptin to take over the earth
[Eminem]
Cuz this is what happens when Bad Meets Evil
We hit the trees till we look like Vietnamese people
He's Evil, and I'm Bad like Steve Segal
Above the Law cuz I don't agree wit police either (shit, me neither)
We ain't eager to be legal
So please leave me wit the keys to your Jeep Eagle
I breathe ether in three amounts
When I stab myself in the knee with a diseased needle
Releasin rage on anybody in squeezing range
Cold enough to make the seasons change into freezing rain
(He's insane) No I'm not, I just want to shoot up and I'm pissed off
Cuz I can't find a decent vain
[Royce]
The disaster wit dreds
I'm Bad enough to commit suicide and survive long enough
To kill my soul after I'm dead
When in danger it's funny actually my flavor's similar to a waiter
Cuz I serve any stranger wit money
I spray a hundred, man until they joint chains
While slippin bullets at point blank range like they was punches
Piss on a flag and burn it, murder you then come to your funeral
Serve this lobbyist, strangle your body then confirm you
Whippin human ass, throwin blows crackin jaws
Wit my fists wrapped in gause, dipped in glue and glass
I'm blazin MC's, at the same time amazin MC's
Somehow MC's ain't that eye-brow raisin to me
>From all of angles of us, flash a mack loud enough to cast a avalanche
And bust till volcanoes errupt
[interlude]
*phone rings*
Hello? (Billy) Aiyyo what's up (we're comin to get you)
STOP, THEY KNOW IT'S US!!
[Eminem]
I used to be a loudmouth, remember me? (uh-ah)
I'm the one who burned your house down (oh)
Well I'm out now (shit), and this time I'm comin back to blow your house up
And I ain't gon leave you a window to jump out of
Give me two fat tabs and three shrooms
And you won't see me like fat people in steam rooms
And when I go to hell and I'm gettin ready to leave
I'ma put air in a bag and charge people to breathe
[Royce + (Eminem)]
Cuz this is what happens when Bad Meets Evil
And we hit the trees till we look like Vietnamese people
He's Evil, and I'm Bad like Steve Segal
Against peaceful, see you in hell for the sequel
(We'll be waitin) See you in hell
Wall Street, Royce Da Five-Nine, Slim Shady
See you in hell for the sequel (bye bye)
Bad Meets Evil, what? (till next time)
[Cowboy]
And so that's the story when Bad Meets Evil
Two of the most wanted individuals in the county
Made Jesse James and Billy the Kid look like law-abiding citizens
It's too bad they had to go out the way they did
Got shot in the back comin out of that ol' saloon
But their spirits still live on till this day
Shhh...[spits] wait, did y'all hear that?
[Footsteps and windblowing]

_____
(Girl) Yeah Hahahaha........whooooo,shit
(Eminem) (aight)
(Em) guess what? i ain't coming in yet....
i'll come in a minute
(Em) ayo...this is my love song...it goes like this
Back when Mark Walhberg was Marky Mark
This is how we used to get the party start
We used to mix hen' with bacardi dark
and when it kicks in, you can hardly talk
and by the sixth gin you're probably crawl
and you'll be sick then and probably barf
and my prediction is you're probably fall
either in the lobby or the hallway wall
and everything spinning
you're beginnin' to think like a woman
are swimming in pink linen
again in the sink
then in a couple of minutes that bottle of guinness is finished
you are now allowed to officially slap bitches
you have the right to remain violent and start wilin'
start a fight with the same guy that was smart-eyein' you
get in your car, start it,and start drivin'
over the island and cause a  forty-two-car pileup
earth calling pilot to copilot
looking for life on this planet,sir, no sigh of it
all i can see is a bunch of smoke flyin'
and i'm so high that i might dieif go by it
let me out of this place i'm outta place
i'm in outer spacei've just vanished without a trace
i'm going to a pretty place now where the flowers grow
i'll be back in an hour or so
Chorus:
'cause every time i go to try to leave
some geek keeps pullin' on my sleeve
i don't wanna, but i gotta stay
these drugs really got  a hold of me
'cause every time i try to tell them "no"
they won't let me ever let them go
i'm a sucka, all i gotta say
these drugs really
got a hold of me
in third grade, all i used to do
was sniff glue through a tube and play rubik's cube
seventeen years later i'm still as rude as jude
scheming on the first chick with the hugest boobs
i've got no game
and every face looks the same
they've got no name
so i don't need game to play
i just say whatever i want to whoever i want
whenever i want, wherever i want, however i want
however, do show some respect to few
this ecstasy's got me standing next to you
getting sentimental as fuck spillin'guts to you
we just met
but i think i'm in love with you
but you're on it too
so you tell me you love me too
wkae up in the morninglike"yo, what the fuck we do?"
i gotta go,bitch
you know i've got stuff to do
'cause if i get caught cheatin',then i'm stuck with you
but in the long run
these drugsare probablygoing to catch upsooner or later
but fuck it, i'm on one
so let's enjoy
let the X destroy your spinal cord
so it's not a straight line no more
till we walk around looking like some windup dolls
shit sticking out of our backs like a dinosaur
shit, six hits won't even get me high no more
so bye for now, i'm going to try to find some more
Chorus
that's the sound of a bottle when it's hollow
when you swallow it all,wallow and drown in your sorrow
and tomorrow you're probably going to want to do it again
what's a little spinal fluid between you and a friend?
screw it
and what's a little bit of alcohol poisoning?
and what's a little fight?
tomorrow you'll be boys again
it's your life live it however you wanna
marijuana is everywhere
where was you brought up?
it don't matter as long as you get where you're going
'cause none of the shit is going to mean shit where we're going
they tell yu to stop, but you just sit there ignoring
even though you wake up feeling like shit every morning
but you're young
you've got a lot of drugs to do
girls to screw
parties to crash
sucks to be you
if i could take it all back now, i wouldn't
i would have did more shit that people said that i shouldn't
but i'm all grown up now and upgraded and graduated
to better drugs and updated
but i've still got a lot of growing u to do
i've still got a whole lot of throwing up to spew
but when it's all said and done i'll be forty
before i know it with a fortyon the porch telling stories
with a bottle of  jack
two grandkids on my lap
baby-sitting for hailie while hailie is out smashed
Chorus

_____
I speak in Ebonics, Ismoke da Chronics, I aint illiterate, I don't need
Hooked on Fonics, my rhymes are deep, i make em up in my sleep,
well im countin white sheep wit lil Bo Peep, just watch em leap ova the
fence, they so dence, just keep jumpin, just keep pumpin tha thoughts
inta my head, write em down in lead on a piece of paper, there aint no
rhymes that are greater then mine, I write em one line at a time, they
gotta shine, gotta stick out, yo whatchu say bout me, I'll battle u it'll be
so e-z, I so good i could take out D-O doubble G, be like battlein a lady,
don't get a affended i aint Shady, Nah im just playin baby, don't get all
crazy on me. lets go smoke a tree, I cant see, dis smoke is blindin, i be
grindin dis weed, its so tight, hey yo you gotta light, bitch lets fight, yeah
i am white, so what your moms a slut, dont shut me down, i aint no clown,
just cause i got the hair dosent mean i dont care, bitch be fair, i be fuckin
Sonny and Shere, bitch there we go, that wasn't so hard, man why you be
actin like a fuckin retard, Pardon me, whatchu say, fuck you i already no your
gay.

_____
Now everybody from the 313
Put your muthafuckin' hands up and follow me
Everybody from the 313
Put your muthafuckin' hands up
Look Look
Now while he tries to stand tough
Notice that this man did not have his hands up
This free worlds got you gassed up
Now who's afraid of the big bad wolf
1, 2, 3 and to the 4
1 Pac , 2 Pac, 3 Pac, 4
4 Pac, 3 Pac, 2 Pac, 1
You're Pac, He's Pac, No Pac, None!
This guy aint no muthafuckin MC
I know everything he's got to say against me
I am white
I am a fuckin bum
I do live in a trailer with my mom
My boy Future is an Uncle Tom
I do got a dumb friend named Cheddar Bob
Who shoots himself in the leg with his own gun
I did get jumped by all 6 of you chumps
And Wink did fuck my girl
I'm still standin here screamin fuck tha free world!!
Don't ever try to judge me dude
You don't know what the fuck i've been through
But i know something about you
You went to Cranbrook that's a private school
What's the matter dawg? You embarrassed?
This guy's a gangsta but his real name's Clarence
And Clarence lives at home with both parents
And Clarence's parents have a real good marriage
This guy don't wanna battle he shook
Koz there aint no such thang as HALF WAY CROOKS!!
He's scared to death
He's scared to look in his fuckin yearbook fuck Cranbrook
Fuck the beat i go acapella
Fuck a Papa Doc, fuck a clock, fuck a trailer, fuck everybody
Fuck y'all if you doubt me
I'm a piece of fucking white trash, i say it proudly
And fuck this battle
I don't wanna win
I'm outty
Here tell these people sumin they dont know about me

_____
[Lyckity Splyt]
This guy's a choke artist
You catch a bad 1,
Your better off shooting yourself with poppa doc's hand gun.
Climbing up this mountain, your weak,
I leave you lost without a paddle.
Floatin up shits creek.
You aint Detroit. Im the D.
Your the new kid on the block
about to get smacked to the boondocks.
Fucking nazi your squad aint your type,
take some real advice
and form a group with Vanilla Ice.
And wut I tell you, you better use it.
This guys a hillbilly this aint Willie Nelson music.
Trailor trash, Ill choke you to your last breath
and have you look foolish like cheddar bob when he shot himself.
Silly rabbit, I know why they call you that ...
cuz you follow future like he got carrotz up his ass crack.
And when you acted up
thats when you got jacked up
and act stupid like Tina Turner when she got smacked up.
I crack your shoulder blade
youll get dropped so hard that Elvisll start turning in his grave.
Now I know why they left you out in the dark.
You need to take your white ass
back across 8 mile to the trailor park.
[B Rabbit]
This guy raps like his parents jerked em.
He sounds like Erick Sermon ... the generic version.
This whole crowd looks suspicious
its all dudes in here except for these bitches.
So i'm a german eh?
Thats ok you look like a fucking worm with braids.
These leadaz of the freeworld rookies.
Lookie, how could 6 dicks be pussies?
Talking about shits creek bitch,
you could be up piss creek with paddles.
This deep. Your still gonna sink, your a discrace,
ya they call me rabbit this is a turtle race.
He cant get with me spittin this shit wickedy
lyckety-shot a spika-a-spicketly split lyckety.
Im gonna turn around with a great smile
and walk my white ass back across 8 mile.

_____
Lately I've been hard to reach, I've been too long on my own
Everybody has a private world where they can be alone
Are you calling me? Are you trying to get through
Are you reaching out for me, like I'm reaching out for you?
I'm just so fuckin' depressed, I just can seem to get out this slump
If I could just get over this hump
But I need something to pull me out this dump,
I took my bruises, took my lumps
Fell down and I got right back up
But I need that spark to get psyched back up
In order for me to pick the mic back up
I don't know how or why or when I ended up in this position I'm in
I'm starting to feel distant again
So I decided just to pick this pen
Up and try to make an attempt to vent
But I just can't admit
Or come to grips with the fact that I may be done with rap
I need a new outlet, I know some shit's so hard to swallow
And I just can't sit back and wallow
In my own sorrow
But I know one fact I'll be one tough act to follow
One tough act to follow
I'll be one tough act to follow
Here today, gone tomorrow
But you have to walk a thousand miles
In my shoes, just to see
What it's like, to be me
I'll be you, let's trade shoes
Just to see what it'd be like to
Feel your pain, you feel mine
Go inside each other's mind
Just to see what we find
Look at shit through each other's eyes
But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, oh
They can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you
So don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
Oh, they can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you
I think I'm starting to lose my sense of humor
Everything is so tense and gloom
I almost feel like I gotta check the temperature in the room
Just as soon as I walk in
It's like all eyes on me
So I try to avoid any eye contact
'cause if I do that then it opens a door for conversation
Like I want that... I'm not looking for extra attention
I just want to be just like you
Blend in with the rest of the room
Maybe just point me to the closest restroom
I don't need no fucking man servant
Trying to follow me around and wipe my ass
Laugh at every single joke I crack
And half of them ain't even funny like
"Ah, Marshall, you're so funny man, you should be a comedian, god damn"
Unfortunately I am, but I just hide behind the tears of a clown
So why don't you all sit down?
Listen to the tale I'm about to tell
Hell, we don't gotta trade our shoes
And you ain't gotta walk no thousand miles
But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
Oh They can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you so
Don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
Oh They can all get fucked. Just stay true to you so
Nobody asked for life to deal us
With these bullshit hands we're dealt
We have to take these cards ourselves
And flip them, don't expect no help
Now I could have either just
Sat on my ass and pissed and moaned
Or take this situation in which I'm placed in
And get up and get my own
I was never the type of kid
To wait by the door and pack his bags
Who sat on the porch and hoped and prayed
For a dad to show up who never did
I just wanted to fit in
At every single place
Every school I went
I dreamed of being that cool kid
Even if it meant acting stupid
Aunt Edna always told me keep makin' that face it'll get stuck like that
Meanwhile I'm just standin' there
Holdin' my tongue tryna talk like this
'Til I stuck my tongue on that frozen stop sign poll at 8 years old
I learned my lesson then cause I wasn't tryna impress my friends no mo'
But I already told you my whole life story
Not just based on my description
'cause where you see it from where you're sitting
Is probably 110% different
I guess we would have to walk a mile
In each other's shoes, at least
What size you wear? I wear tens
Let's see if you can fit your feet
Lately I've been hard to reach, I've been too long on my own
Everybody has a private world where they can be alone...
So are you calling me, are you trying to get through, oh?
Are you reaching out for me, I'm reaching out for you?
So oh oh
Yea... To my babies. Stay strong.
Daddy will be home soon
And to the rest of the world, god gave you the shoes
That fit you, so put 'em on and wear 'em
And be yourself, man, be proud of who you are
Even if it sounds corny,
Don't ever let no one tell you, you ain't beautiful

_____
Lately I've been hard to reach, I've been too long on my own
Everybody has a private world where they can be alone
Are you calling me? Are you trying to get through
Are you reaching out for me, like I'm reaching out for you?
I'm just so fuckin' depressed, I just can seem to get out this slump
If I could just get over this hump
But I need something to pull me out this dump,
I took my bruises, took my lumps
Fell down and I got right back up
But I need that spark to get psyched back up
In order for me to pick the mic back up
I don't know how or why or when I ended up in this position I'm in
I'm starting to feel distant again
So I decided just to pick this pen
Up and try to make an attempt to vent
But I just can't admit
Or come to grips with the fact that I may be done with rap
I need a new outlet, I know some shit's so hard to swallow
And I just can't sit back and wallow
In my own sorrow
But I know one fact I'll be one tough act to follow
One tough act to follow
I'll be one tough act to follow
Here today, gone tomorrow
But you have to walk a thousand miles
In my shoes, just to see
What it's like, to be me
I'll be you, let's trade shoes
Just to see what it'd be like to
Feel your pain, you feel mine
Go inside each other's mind
Just to see what we find
Look at shit through each other's eyes
But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, oh
They can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you
So don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
Oh, they can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you
I think I'm starting to lose my sense of humor
Everything is so tense and gloom
I almost feel like I gotta check the temperature in the room
Just as soon as I walk in
It's like all eyes on me
So I try to avoid any eye contact
'cause if I do that then it opens a door for conversation
Like I want that... I'm not looking for extra attention
I just want to be just like you
Blend in with the rest of the room
Maybe just point me to the closest restroom
I don't need no fucking man servant
Trying to follow me around and wipe my ass
Laugh at every single joke I crack
And half of them ain't even funny like
"Ah, Marshall, you're so funny man, you should be a comedian, god damn"
Unfortunately I am, but I just hide behind the tears of a clown
So why don't you all sit down?
Listen to the tale I'm about to tell
Hell, we don't gotta trade our shoes
And you ain't gotta walk no thousand miles
But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
Oh They can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you so
Don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
Oh They can all get fucked. Just stay true to you so
Nobody asked for life to deal us
With these bullshit hands we're dealt
We have to take these cards ourselves
And flip them, don't expect no help
Now I could have either just
Sat on my ass and pissed and moaned
Or take this situation in which I'm placed in
And get up and get my own
I was never the type of kid
To wait by the door and pack his bags
Who sat on the porch and hoped and prayed
For a dad to show up who never did
I just wanted to fit in
At every single place
Every school I went
I dreamed of being that cool kid
Even if it meant acting stupid
Aunt Edna always told me keep makin' that face it'll get stuck like that
Meanwhile I'm just standin' there
Holdin' my tongue tryna talk like this
'Til I stuck my tongue on that frozen stop sign poll at 8 years old
I learned my lesson then cause I wasn't tryna impress my friends no mo'
But I already told you my whole life story
Not just based on my description
'cause where you see it from where you're sitting
Is probably 110% different
I guess we would have to walk a mile
In each other's shoes, at least
What size you wear? I wear tens
Let's see if you can fit your feet
Lately I've been hard to reach, I've been too long on my own
Everybody has a private world where they can be alone...
So are you calling me, are you trying to get through, oh?
Are you reaching out for me, I'm reaching out for you?
So oh oh
Yea... To my babies. Stay strong.
Daddy will be home soon
And to the rest of the world, god gave you the shoes
That fit you, so put 'em on and wear 'em
And be yourself, man, be proud of who you are
Even if it sounds corny,
Don't ever let no one tell you, you ain't beautiful

_____
For all the love a feelt for you,
I be forever thank full babe you are the one ho helpt me oo ,
Never let me fall youre the one ho saw me true, thrue the all
Ref
You whare ma sver when a was week
You whare ma voice when a cuden't speak
You whare ma eys when a cuden't see
You saa the pain that was in me
Lefted me up when a cuden't reach
You gave me fath because you belive
that everying a am , becuause you love me oo babe
You gave me vings and make me fly
You tuch ma hand a culd tuch the sky
I lost ma fath you gave it back to me
You stend the star was out of reach '
You stood by me and a stood tall
I had  your love a had it all
I pray for thos days you gave me
Babe a don't know that much, but know that this is true
I was blest , becuause I was love by you
Ref
You was ther allways for me  ,you thand and whing and chare whit me
The night and dark ,you shine the love into my life
You bine my inspiration ,throug the life you was trough
How word is blest , becuause of youuuuuu
Ref
That everying a am , becuause you love me

_____
i wonder how i ever made through a day
how did i settle for a world in shades of gray?
when you go in cirlcles all the scenery looks the same
and you don't know why
then i looked into your eyes
where the road streched out in front of me and i realized
(chours)
i never lived before your love
i never fell before your touch
i never needed anyone to make me feel alive
but then again i wasnt really living
i never lived before your love
i wanted more than just an ordinary life
all of my dreams seemed like castles in the sky
i stand before you and my heart is in your hands
and i don't know how i survived without your kiss
casue your giving me a reason to exist
(chours)
i never lived before your love
i never fell before your touch
i never needed anyone to make me feel alive
but then again i wasn't really living
i never lived before your love
i never lived before your love
and i don't know why
why the sun deides to shine
but you breathed your love into me just in time
(chours)
i never lived before your love
i never fell before your touch
i never needed anyone to make me feel alive
but then again i wasn't really living
i never lived
i never lived
before your love

_____
I dont wanna be like this
I don' really wanna hurt-no-feelings
But I'm only being real when I say
Nobody wants to hear their grandfather rap (nope)
Old men have heart attacks
And i don' wanna be responsible for that, so
Put the mic down and walk away
You can still have a little bit of dignity
(verse 1)
I would never claim to be no
Ray Benzino
An 83 year old, fake Pacino
So how can he hold me over some balcony
Without throwing his lower back out
As soon as he goes to lift me (*grunts*)
Please don't, you'll probably fall with me
And our asses'll both be history (AHH!!!)
But then again you finaly get your wish
Cause you'll be all over the street like 50 cent (Hahahahaha!)
Fucking punk, pussy, fuck you chump!
Give me a one-on-one see if I don't fuck you up!
Try to chump the Ruff Ryders and they cut you up
And you put Jada on a track,
That's how much you suck dick in the industry
Swear that you in the streets hustling
You sit behind a fucking desk at the Source butt kissing
And begging muthafuckas for guest appearences
And you can't even get the clearances
Cause real lyricists dont even respect you or take you serious
It's not that we dont like you... we hate you period!
Talk about a midlife crisis, damn
Last week you was shakin Obie Trice's hand
Now he's a busta? What the fuck's with that?!
Get on a track dissing us, kissing 50's ass
And askin' me what I know about indictments, bite me!
Bitch, I got 2 cases and probation, Fight me!
What do I know about standing in front of a judge, like a man
Ready to take whatever sentence hands
What you know about your wife slicing her wrists
Right in front of you the only thing you have in this world
a little girl
And I'll put that on her
When this is all over
I would never try to make her a star, and eat off her
I dunno shit about no shopping rocks
But what you know about hip-hop, shops, rocking spots
When your the only white boy up in that bitch just ripping
Pressing up your own flyers, and your stickers
Just sticking them bitches up after spending 6 hours at Kinkos
Making copies of your covers to cassette singles
To sell 'em out of the trunk of your Tracer
Spending your whole pay check at discmakers
What you know about being bullied over half your life
Oh thats right, you should know what thats like, your half-white
Vanilla ice, spill the beans and rice, I'm eating you alive inside, Jesus Christ!
If it's that much of a gangsta put the mic down
You should be out killing muthafuckas right now
Kill a muthafucka dead, kill him dead bitch
Shoot him in the fucking head, go ahead bitch
Slap my mom, slap the fuck out of her
She can't sue you, she wouldn't get a buck out of you
Cause your broke as fuck, you suck
Your a fucking joke , if u was really selling coke
Well then what the fuck you stop for dummy!
If you sleugh some crack
You'd make alot more money than you do from rap
You'll never have no security, you'll never be famous
You'll never know what is like to be rich, life's a bitch ain't it
Raymond, here let me me break this shit down in Layman's terms
Terms for you just to make sure
That you can understand it cause Cannabis ain't using too many
Complicated fucking words for ya
Here, let me slow it down for you so that you can understand it if I say it slower
Let it go dog its over
chorus
Haha, talkin' about, I have muthafuckas calling your crib
Bitch, you aint even got a fucking crib
You don't even got a fucking phone, fucking bum
Threatening to shut me down at your little source magazine
If I come back at you or attack you
Bitch, you attacked me first, take it like a man and shut the fuck up
Fuck your little magazine too, I don't need your little fucking magazine
I got XXL's number anyways,
And yall cant stand it cause they gettin bigger than yall
Oh, and by the way how did i look at the VMAs?
When you was watchin me, from whatever TV you was watching me from
In Boston, the mean streets of Boston
Fucking sissy
And you gotta stand up you mutha fucka
Suck my mutha fuckin dick
Oh, and for those that dont know
Don't get it twisted
The SOURCE has a white owner!

_____
I dont wanna be like this
I don' really wanna hurt-no-feelings
But I'm only being real when I say
Nobody wants to hear their grandfather rap (nope)
Old men have heart attacks
And i don' wanna be responsible for that, so
Put the mic down and walk away
You can still have a little bit of dignity
(verse 1)
I would never claim to be no
Ray Benzino
An 83 year old, fake pacheno
So how can he hold me over some balcony
Without throwing his lower back out
As soon as he goes to lift me
Please don't, you'll probably fall with me
And our asses'll both be history
But then again you finaly get your wish
Cause you'll be all over the street like 50 cent
Fucking punk, pussy, fuck you chump
Give me a one-on-one see if I don't fuck you up
Try to chump the ruff ryders and they cut you up
And you put Jada on a track,
That's how much you suck dick in the industry
Swear that you in the streets hustling
You sit behind a fucking desk at the source butt kissing
And begging muthafuckas for guest appearences
And you can't even get the clearences
Cause real lyricists dont even respect you or take you serious
It's not that we dont like you... we hate you period!
Talk about a midlife crisis, damn
Last week you was shakin Obie Trices' hand
Now he's a busta? What the fuck's with that
Get on a track dissing us, kissing 50's ass
And askin' me what I know about indictments, bite me!
Bitch I got 2 cases and probation, Fight me!
What do I know about standing in front of a judge, like a man
Ready to take whatever sentence hands
What you know about your wife slicing her wrists
Right in front of the only thing you have in this world
a little girl
And i'll put that on her
When this is all over
I would never try to make her a star, and eat off her
I dunno shit about no shopping rocks
But what you know about hip-hop, shops, rocking spots
When your the only white boy up in that bitch just ripping
Pressing up your own flyers, and your stickers
Just sticking them bitches up after spending 6 hours at kinkos
Making copies of your covers to cassette singles
To sell 'em out of the trunk of your Tracer
Spending your whole pay check at discmakers
What you know about being bullied over half your life
Oh thats right, you should know what thats like, your half-white
Vanilla ice, spill the beans and rice, I'm eating you alive inside, Jesus Christ!
If it's that much of a gangsta put the mic down
You should be out killing muthafuckas right now
Kill a muthafucka dead, kill him dead bitch
Shoot him in the fucking head, go ahead bitch
Slap my mom, slap the fuck out of her
She can't sue you, she wouldn't get a buck out of you
Cause your broke as fuck, you suck
Your a fucking joke , if u was really selling coke
Well then what the fuck you stop for dummy!
If u sleugh some crack
You'd make alot more money than you do from rap
You'll never have no security, you'll never be famous
You'll never know what is like to be rich, life's a bitch ain't it
Raymond, here let me me break this shit down in laymans terms
Terms for you just to make sure
That you can understand it cause cannabis ain't using too many
Complicated fucking words for ya
Here, let me slow it down for you so that you can understand it if I say it slower
Let it go dog its over
chorus
Haha, talkin' about, I have muthafuckas calling your crib
Bitch, you aint even got a fucking crib
You don't even got a fucking phone, you fucking punk
Threatening to shut me down at your little source magazine
If I come back at you or attack you
Bitch, you attacked me first, take it like a man and shut the fuck up
Fuck your little magazine too, I don't need your little fucking magazine
I got double XL's number anyways,
And yall cant stand it cause they gettin bigger than yall
Oh, and by the way how did i look at the VMA's
When you was watchin me, from whatever TV you was watching me from
In boston, the mean street of boston
Fucking sissy
And you gotta stand up you mutha fucka
Suck my mutha fuckin Dick
Oh, and for those that dont know
Don't get it twisted
The SOURCE has a white owner!

_____
One, two, three, for, five, six, seven, eight?
What's the matter? After eight, there's a nine, remember?
Stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid?
Are you really sooooooooooo
Stupid stupid stupid stupid?
This is my song, my song, he's mine?
Better a silly girl with a flower,
Then a silly boy with a horse and a stick
Come one, yeaaaaaah?
Its called a lance, hellohow???
I'm a painter of red bolletjes!!
Don't you understand,
They're not Yellow, not green, not black?
What? I lik coffee, I like tea, I like the boys?
But the boys don't like me!!!
You didn't expect this did yooooooooeeeeeee?
Love ya, Love ya, I say that I love ya!!
Silly silly silly boy?
Kisssssssssssssssssss?

_____
I don't understand
Why are you being so mean?
You're mean mean man
[Chorus]
You are just jealous of me
Cuz you, you just can't do what I do
So instead of just admitting it
You walk around and say
All kinds of really mean things
About me cuz you're a meanie, a meanie
But it's only cuz you're
Just really jealous of me
Cuz I'm what you want to be
So you just look like an idiot
When you say these mean things
Cuz it's too easy to see
You're just a really big weenie, big weenie
[Verse 1]
Alright listen, I need you to focus
I need you to go dig deep in your mind, this is important
We are going to perform an experiment of the sorts
I'm going to have to ask you to bear with me for a moment
Now I need you to open your mind-your eyes close them
You are now about to be placed under my hypnosis
For the next four and a half minutes
We are going to explore into your mind
To find out why you're so fuckin' jealous
Now why did they make Yoo-Hoo?
Hippity ga-ga boo-boo
Psych, I'm kidding
I just wanted to see if you're still listenin'
Ok, now I need your undivided attention
Sir I have a question
Why do I always sense this undeniable tension
From the moment that I enter into the room
It gets all quiet and whispers
Whenever theres conversation, why am I always mentioned?
I've been dying to ask, it's been itchin' at me
Is it just because
[Chorus]
[Verse 2]
Alright now I, I just flubbed a line
I was going to say something extremely important
But I forgot who or what it was, I fucked up
Psych, I'm kidding again you idiot, no I didn't
That's just what you wanted to hear from me
Is that I fucked up ain't it?
But I can bust one take without lookin' at no paper
It doesn't take a bunch of takes
Or me to stand here in this booth all day
For me to say the truth, ok?
You're droolin, you have tooth decay
Your mouth is open, you're disgusting
What the fuck you eat for lunch
A bunch of sweets or something, what?
You munch a bunch of Crunch 'N Munch?
Your tooth is rotten to the gum
Your breath stinks, wanna chew some gum?
Yes I do sir, what am I on?
You sir are on chew syrum
Marshall I'm so jealous of you
Please say you won't tell nobody
I'd be so embarrassed, I'm just absolutely terrified
That someone's gonna find out why I'm saying
All these terrible, evil and awful mean things
It's my own insecurity!
[Chorus]
[Verse 3]
Alright now we, we're going to conduct
That experiment that we were talking about earlier
Just to see what a frog looks like when it takes two hits of ecstasy
Cuz that's exactly what your eyes look like, want to check to see?
Here's a mirror, notice the resemblence here?
Wait, let me put these sun glasses on
Now look in this mirror, how about now?
What do you have in common?
You're both green with envy and look like idiots with sunglasses on 'em
You look like I sound like singing about weenies
Now take my weenie out of your mouth
This is between me and you, I know you're not happy
I know you'd much rather see me lying in the corner of a room somewhere crying
Curled up in a ball tweeked out of my mind dying
There is no denying that my weenie is much bigger than yours is
Mine is like sticking a banana between two oranges
Why you even doing this to yourself, it's pointless
Why do we have to keep on going through this, this is tortuous
My point is this
That if you say mean things, weenie will shrink
Now I fogot what the chorus is, your just is...
[Chorus]

_____
*Girl talking on phone*
Justin, its Zoe, Um Kellie did not have me call you
however I just listened to Eminem in her car
It is the most disgusting thing I have ever heard
in my entire life and I seriously want to call his
fucking agent and tell them how fucking disgusting
he is, it like makes me upset, I am now nauseous and
I cant  eat lunch, goodbye

_____
[Snoop](Dr. Dre)
(Yeah, what up Detroit?)
Nah-uh, nah-uh uh-uh oh no he didn't
They didn't do it again
Wha-what? What?
You shit on these niggas two times Dr. Dre?
(Oh fo'sure)
Uh-uh no
You smell that?
This is special right here
Wha-what? Wha-what? What?
It's a toast to the boogie baby
To tha boogie oogie-oogie
Yeah ya know
What's cracking Dre?
[tha Dr. Dre]
Jus let me lay back and kick some mo' simplistic pimp shit
On Slim's shit, start riots like Limp Bizkit
(Limp Bizkit!)
Throw on Guilty Conscience at concerts
And watch mosh pits till motherfuckers knock each other unconscious
(That's right nigga)
Some of these crowds that Slim draws
Is rowdy as Crenshaw Boulevard when it's packed and full of cars
Some of these crowds me and Snoop draw
Is niggas from Crenshaw, from Long Beach to South Central
(Whoa!)
*Girl screams
Not these niggas again, these grown ass ignorant men
With hand triggers again (Shit)
You and what army, could harm me
D-R-E and Shady with Doggy from Long Beach
(Snoop, Eastside)
We came a long way to making these songs play
It a be a wrong move to stare at me tha wrong way
I got a long ooz- and I carry it all day
Sometimes it's like a nightmare, just being An-dre
But I...
[Snoop Dogg]
Somehow someway
Hello nigga!
You know about Doggy, Snoop Dogg
Now let me cut these niggas up
And show 'em where tha fuck I'm comin' from
I get tha party crackin' with the shit that I be spittin son
Hit and run, get it done, get the funds, split and run
Got about 50 guns, and I love all of 'em the same
Bang! Bang!
Damn baby girl what's yo name?
I forgot, what'd you say it was?
Damn a nigga buzzed
(Fucked up)
Hangin' in tha club wit my nephew Eminem
(What's up Slim?)
What up cuz?
(What's up Snoop?)
The great white American hope
Done hooked up with the king of the muthafuckin' West Coast baby
[Nate Dogg]
And you really don't wanna fuck with me
Only nigga that I trust is me
Fuck around and make me bust this heat *gunshot
[Snoop]
That's the devil, they always wanna dance
[Xzibit]
I'm the head nigga in charge
I'm watching you move
You're found dead in your garage
With 10 o'clock news coverage
Gotta love it cause I expose tha fasciad
Your little lungs is too small to hot box with God
All jokes aside come bounce wit us
Standing over you with a 12 gauge about to bust
It's like ashes to ashes and dust to dust
I might leave in a body bag but never in cuffs
So who do you trust, they just not rugged enough
When things get rough I'm in tha club shooting with Puff
*Gunshots
Bitch please, you must have a mental disease
Assume tha position and get back down on your knees come on
*Gunshots
[Nate Dogg]
And you really don't wanna fuck with me
Only nigga that I trust is me
Fuck around and make me bust this heat *gunshot
[Snoop]
That's the devil, they always wanna dance
[Nate Dogg]
And you really don't wanna fuck with me
Only nigga that I trust is me
Fuck around and make me bust this heat *gunshot
[Snoop]
That's the devil, they always wanna dance
[Eminem](Snoop)
Ah no, Big Slim Dogg, 80 pound balls
(What?)
Dick six inch long
(Huh?)
Back up in tha heezy baby
He's Shady!
(He's so crazy!)
Give me tha mic, let me recite 'til Timothy White
Pickets outside the Interscope offices every night
What if he's right?
I'm just a criminal making a livin' off the world's misery
What in the world gives me the right?
To say what I like and walk around flippin' the bird
Livin' tha urban life like a white kid from the 'burbs
Dreamin at night and screamin' at moms schemin' to leave
Run away from home and grow to be as evil as me
I just want you all to notice me and people to see
That somewhere deep down is a decent human being in me
It just can't be found so the reason you've been seeing this me
Is cause this is me now, the recent dude is being this mean
So when you see me dressin' up like a nerd on TV
Or heard tha CD using tha fag word so freely
It's just me being me, here want me to tone it down
Suck my fuckin' dick you faggot!
You happy now? Look here!
I start some trouble everywhere that I go
Ask tha bouncers in the club cause they know
I start some shit they throw me out the back do'
Come back and shoot the club up wit a fo-four
[Nate Dogg]
And you really don't wanna fuck with me
Only nigga that I trust is me
Fuck around and make me bust this heat *gunshot
[Snoop]
That's the devil, they always wanna dance
[Nate Dogg]
And you really don't wanna fuck with me
Only nigga that I trust is me
Fuck around and make me bust this heat *gunshot
[Snoop]
That's the devil, they always wanna dance
[Xzibit]
2001 and forever
Slim Shady, Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, X to the Z, Nate Dogg
Come on yeah

_____
[Dre]
Yeah whattup Detroit?
[Snoop]
Nu-uh, nu-uh nuh-no he didn't!
Ahhh! They didn't do it again,
what-what, what-what?
Did you shit on these niggaz two times Dr. Dre?
[Dre]
Oh fo' sho'!
[Snoop]
Uh-uh, naw, ya smell that?
This is special right here
What-what, what-what-what?
Yeah, it's a toast to the boogie baby
Uhh, to the boogie-oogie-oogie
Yeah, y'know! What's crackin Dre?
[Dr. Dre]
Just let me lay back and kick some mo' simplistic pimp shit
on Slim's shit and start riots like Limp Bizkit (Limp Bizkit)
Throw on 'Guilty Conscience' at concerts
and watch mosh pits til motherfuckers knock each other unconcious
(Watch out now!) Some of these crowds that Slim draws
is rowdy as Crenshaw Boulevard when it's packed and fulla cars
Some of these crowds me and Snoop draw +IS+ niggaz from Crenshaw
from Long Beach to South Central
[*LOUD SCREAM*] Whoa, not these niggaz again
These grown-ass ignorant men with hair-triggers again
(Hehe) You and what army could harm me?
D-R-E and Shady, with Doggy from Long Beach
(East-syde!) Came a long way, to makin these songs play
It'll be a wrong move, to stare at me the wrong way
I got a long uz', and I carry it all day
(Blaow!) Sometimes it's like a nightmare, just bein Andre,
but I..
[Snoop Dogg]
somehow, someway - tell 'em, nigga
You know about Dogg-ay (Snoop Dogg)
Now let me cut these niggaz up and show em where da fuck I'm comin from
I get the party crackin from the shit that I be spittin son
Hit-and-run, get it done, get the funds, split and run
Got about fifty guns, and I love all of 'em the same - bang bang!
Damn baby girl what's your name?
I forgot - what'd you say it was? Damn a nigga buzzed
Hangin in the club, with my nephew Eminem
(Whassup Slim?) Whattup cuz? (Whattup Snoop?)
The Great White American Hope, done hooked up
with the King of the motherfuckin West coast, bay-bayy!
[Chorus: Nate Dogg (+Snoop)]
And you don't really wanna fuck, with me
Only nigga that I trust, is me
Fuck around and make me bust, this heat
[Snoop] That's, the devil, they always wanna dance
[Xzibit]
I'm the Head Nigga In Charge, I'm watchin you move
You're found dead in your garage, with ten o'clock news coverage
Gotta love it, cause I expose the facade
Your little lungs is too small to hotbox with God
All jokes aside, come bounce with us
Standin over you with a twelve gauge, about to bust
It's like ashes to ashes and dust to dust
I might leave in the bodybag, but never in cuffs
So who do you trust? They just not rugged enough
When things get rough I'm in the club shootin with Puff
Bitch, please - you must have a mental disease
Assume the position and get back down on your knees - c'mon
[Chorus 2X]
[Eminem - impersonating Snoop]
Awww naww, big Slim Dogg
Eighty pound balls, dick six inch long
Back up, in the, heezy BAY-BAY
He's Sha-day!
[Snoop]
He's so cra-zay!
[Eminem]
Hahaha! Gimme the mic, let me recite, 'til Timothy White
pickets outside the Interscope offices every night
What if he's right? I'm just a criminal, makin a living
off of the world's misery - what in the world gives me the right
to say what I like, and walk around flippin the bird
Livin the urban life, like a white kid from the 'burbs
Dreamin at night of screamin at mom, schemin to leave
Run away from home and grow to be as evil as me
I just want you all to notice me and people to see
that somewhere deep down, there's a decent human being in me
It just can't be found, so the reason you've been seeing this me
is cause this is me now, the recent dude who's being this mean
So when you see me, dressin up like a nerd on TV
or heard the CD usin the fag word so freely
it's just me being me, here want me to tone it down?
[LOWER pitch] Suck my fuckin dick, you faggot
You happy now? Look here
[Eminem - impersonating Snoop]
I start some trouble everywhere that I go (that I go)
Ask the bouncers in the club cause they know (cause they know)
I start some shit they throw me out the back do' (the back do')
Come back and shoot the club up with a fo'-fo' (a fo'-fo')
[Chorus 2X]
[Xzibit]
2001 and forever
Slim Shady, Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, X to the Z, Nate Dogg
C'mon, yeah!!

_____
VERSE 1
Slippin in through the back door
Booty MC's get ambushed
Rammed and squooshed
Slammed and pushed
Crammed and mushed
Then I'm movin on down from the right to left
So wipe the meth and prepare to fight to death
You get jacked and tackled and cracked in two
Smack them through 'till ya black and blue
Or actin true
I'm dreaded like a man who's hair is all strands
Who's badder when sniffin on aerosol cans
I'm stompin 'em, kickin 'em, chokin 'em, stampin 'em,
clockin 'em, stickin 'em, pokin 'em, clampin 'em
Who'd elect ya kids, indict their votes
Hit 'em with vicoden doses of lighting bolts
I'm zappin, ???
Faster than you can snap your fingers for answers
Cancer is in the flesh
Alight a breather
Survived it by the knife and the thievin?
VERSE 2
I had a dream I was gettin jacked by biters
It felt like I was being attacked by spiders
Developin' a fear from biterphobia
I'm holdin the gas can and lighter over ya
If I detect ya
I'ma pulverise disect ya brain
Diggin in ya skull for lies that I'm a torture
With material iller than a stark raid or mass serial killer
I'm more dangerous
Than a loaded chamber is
A major is to a plagiarist
So beware of the aura
A terror, the horror
Will scare ya tomorrow
Ze-ero?? assault for rappers
Hear the start of developin' skills
A head full of Porter
We run or gallop on hills???
The choice is yours
Decipher these noisy force minutes
Scream ?til my voice is hoarse
Cuz I'm sick of these debators
That grab like repertoires and saboteurs
And bite like Labradors
Hear the range of my double barrel
And your life is in danger troubled and perilled
VERSE 3
I can't understand flyers
Second?? with camp fires
Cuz vampires bite on my balls and clamp pliers
It's swinging my big thing-a-ma-jig
So I'm ringing my neck
Proof will backup
when I sing at my gig
Cuz biters are fallin head over heels
in love
With every rhyme that I set over ears
That's how I became paranoid
Chewing my fingernails
Pulling my hair annoyed
...

_____
[Announcer]
Welcome back, to the stage of history
[Eminem]
Yo.. Slim Shady!
Yo.. I'll fuckin.. I'll..
I'll puke, eat it, and freak you (eww)
Battle?  I'm too weeded to speak to
The only key that I see to defeat you
would be for me to remove these two Adidas and beat you
and force feed you 'em both, and on each feet is a cleat shoe
I'll lift you off your feet so fast with a roundhouse
you'll think I pulled the fuckin ground out from underneath you
(Bitch!) I ain't no fuckin G, I'm a cannibal
I ain't tryin to shoot you,
I'm tryin to chop you into pieces and eat you
Wrap you in rope and plastic, stab you with broken glass
and have you with open gashes strapped to a soakin mattress
Coke and acid, black magic, cloaks and daggers (ahhh!)
Fuck the planet, until it spins on a broken axis
I'm so bananas I'm showin up to your open casket
to fill it full of explosive gasses
and close it back with a lit match in it
while I sit back and just hope it catches
Blow you to fragments
Laugh, roll you and smoke the ashes
Chorus: J-Black (repeat 2X)
I see the light at the end
But every time I take a step, it gets dim
Tell me is this hell we're livin in?
If so, heaven's got to be better
But if we're hellbound, whatever, let's go down
[J-Black]
Am I the worst?  Because I, never go to church (never)
I run a red light then sideswipe a hearse
I'ma drink 'til my liver rot, see the doc
Leave the E.R., then hit a bar for a liquor shot, 'til the liver spot
One day we all gon' die
But when I die, I'ma be so high
that I'ma get up and walk, leavin the concrete bare
with the chalk outline still there
I smoke 'til I choke and I sex a lot
I got a cross on my chain but it's just a rock
Now if I pray everynight (night)
Do I still have to hold my trey very tight?
You feel me God?  I done did so much shit while on Earth
I smoke, I drink, I curse, and to make matters worse
I bust my gun first, and then I chat with your corpse
Since way back, I was one to never like back-talk
See me at the pearly gates in line, wearin a Nordface
Nickle nine at my waist, God done lost faith
Angels greet me but I don't reply back
Just show me to my quarters, and oh yeah, where's Thai at?
Chorus 1/2
[Announcer]
Maxie was seriously wounded but the soul still burns
Final battle, fight!
[Masta Ace]
Analyze the strength of my game, like Lee Corso
Call me a lost soul, with a vest on my torso
And of course, yo, y'all know I'm no stranger to danger
Like Christ in a manger, feel a whole range of my anger
I breathe down shit so hard you can see sound
And beat down these rap clowns in like three rounds
My pen 'bout as sharp as a dagger, walk with a swagger
Tie your wife to the back of a black Jag and I drag her
Ten blocks, untie the bitch and I still bag her
Give her a smack in the ass and a six pack of lager
My shit go as deep and as dark as a train tunnel
My flows spill like usin the wrong end of a funnel
Everyday I grow more older, and more colder
Fly you to Colorado, roll you over with a Boulder
I know you want to retaliate but you won't dare
Cause you fuckin with some niggaz like this who just don't care
Chorus
[J-Black]
But every time I take a step, it gets dim..
Tell me is this hell we're livin in?
Haha..
[Announcer]
Time's up!
You lose!

_____
LYRICS: SUPASTAR
[KENZIE]
Supastar, supastar, supastar,
supastar, lets blaze it.
You're my Supastar, Im you're
number one fan by far, rollin
in my blacked out car, tinted
windows dropped made eye
contact, as a matter of fact,
I see you're body and it made
an impact on mine, come
ride with me, its 6 o'clock,
come chill on the block,
we'll go cruising, find a place
to stop, I think about you
non-stop, so i'm taking this
time just to be with you.
[FLAVA]
6 o'clock I never stop until
I find what i want, I find what
I want a fly chick what i want,
I rock drive through the block,
it does'nt take long cause
I'm right in the spto, I've never
seen a girl like this but she's
hot, tanned skin long legs
right on top, now I'm
with a chick in the whip and
says stop, come on lets go
straight to the club.
[MELO-D]
Come on girl let me be your
Supastar, we can ride all day,
roof down in the car, then
stop off get a cold drink at a
bar, coz you look so fine and
you shine like a star, you had
a short white skirt and your
top cut low, smooth skin and
the wind would make your
hair blow, girl your flow was
so tight I just could'nt say no,
I said jump in the ride buckle
up and lets go.
[CHORUS]
Supastar, face from a movie
screen, supastar, like the
cover of a magazine, no
matter what you do, you'll
always be my supastar,
supastar, I'm your number
one fan by far, supastar.
[KRAZY]
You know girl you're my
supastar, and I'm your number
one fan by far, you remind me
of a face from a movie screen,
I think I've seen you on the
cover of a magazine, wait,
hold up, was that all a dream,
no that's the film that I've
seen, I wanna touch I wanna
tease I wanna hold I wanna
please ya, and I really wanna
see you again.
[STRIDER]
You're my supastar girl I see
your name in lights, me and
you will reach amazing
heights, you're on the front
cover of a new magazine,
then I see your face on a
movie screen, I like everything
about ya, your body your
eyes, girl you're more
precious than a golden prize,
everytime I see ya I'm
hypnotised, I'm your number
one fan you best realise.
[ROCKY B]
Jammin in a whip about
midday, in need of a chick
coz i just got played, then
I clocked dis chick walking
straight my way, a supastar
chick just like Beyonce,
she was carrying Gucci and
Prada bags, so then i thought
to myself let me help her out,
pulled over do you want a
ride, the answer was yes
how could she deny.
[REPEAT CHORUS]
[KRAZY]
Mon cherie, don't you worry
about a thing, whether you
fail or succeed, I want you to
know, you'll always be my.
[REPEAT CHORUS X2]

_____
[Dr. Dre]
Yeah
Yo, let's bring it
[Chorus - Eminem]
What you gonna do when shit hits the fan
Are you gonna stand and fight like a man?
Will you be as hard as you say you are?
Or you gonna run and go get your bodyguard?
I said What you gonna do when shit hits the fan?
Are you gonna stand and fight like a man?
And show us you're as hard as you say you are?
Or you gonna run and go get your bodyguard?
[Verse 1 - Dr. Dre]
Niggaz is so gangsta, Niggaz is thugs
Niggaz'll spend their whole life peddlin drugs
Slanging dope in hopes of one day bein able
To own their own label and give the game up
Some niggaz came up, some just didn't
That's just the way it is, if it ain't meant it, it just isn't
Some niggaz'll get money and pay niggaz to back em
So they can act up, feel comfortable, and rap tough
And that's as backwards, cuz them niggaz just gone keep coming back
And that's when extortion happens
You struggle to get free, I know how this shit be
You deal with anything to live legitimately
But you gone find if you do get in this industry
It's best to be business with me than against me
Niggaz get behind mics and ain't even MC's
Niggaz get on MTV just to diss me
This shit don't even piss me off
I'm laughin all the way to the bank
Watchin the satellite from a Bentley
You niggaz don't even got a car
You're so far under my radar
I don't even know who the fuck you are
To tell you to suck my dick while I'm pissin
I don't even listen to your shit to know who the fuck I'm dissin
The media just feeds into these feuds
Tryin to add fuel to the fire. This little nigga, Ja Rule
Talking bout he's gonna slap me. Nigga please
You gotta jump and swing up to hit me in the knees
I laugh at these magazines when they interview em
All they doin is making fake threats to us through em
And pussy you're not Pac, I knew em
Pac was a real nigga, you just a fuckin insult to em
It's too bad we had to fallout before he passes
If he could see this shit now, he'd be whoopin your ass
You're talkin to a pioneer who engineered this shit for 19 years
Who you got in your ear? I don't even gotta say it, the

_____
everyone from the 313
put your mothafukin hands up and follow me
everyone for the 313
put your mothafukin hands up
look look
now while he stands tough
notice this man did not have his hands up
this free worlds got you gassed up
now whos afraid of the big bad wolf
1,2,3 into the 4
1 pac, 2 pac, 3 pac, 4
4 pac, 3 pac, 2 pac, 1
you're pac, he's pac, no pac, none!
this guy aint no muthafuckin MC
i know everything he's got to say against me
i am white
i am a fuckin bum
i do live in a trailer with my mom
my boy Future is an Uncle Tom
i do got a dumb friend named Cheddar Bob
who shoots himself in the leg with his own gun
i did get jumped by all 6 of you chumps
and Wink did fuck my girl
i'm still standin here screamin fuck tha free world!!
don't ever try to judge me dude
you don't know what the fuck i've been through
but i know something about you
you went to Cranbrook that's a private schoo
i What's the matter dawg? You embarrassed?
this guy's a gangsta but his real name's Clarence
and Clarence lives at home with both parents
and Clarence's parents have a real good marriage
this guy don't wanna battle he shook
koz there aint no such thang as HALF WAY CROOKS!!
he's scared to death
he's scared to look in his fuckin yearbook fuck Cranbrook
Fuck the beat i go acapella
Fuck a Papa Doc, fuck a clock, fuck a trailer, fuck everybody
Fuck y'all if you doubt me
I'm a piece of fucking white trash, i say it proudly
And fuck this battle I don't wanna win
I'm outty
Here tell these people sumin they dont know about me

_____
Eminem:
When I do pop pills I keep my tube socks filled.
And pop the same shit that got 2Pac killed.
Spit games to these hoes like a soap opera episode
Then punch a bitch in the nose 'till the whole face explodes
There's three things I hate: girls, women and bitches.
I'm that viscious to walk up and dropkick midgets
They call me "Boogie Night", a stalker that walks awkward
Stick figure, with a dick bigger than Mark Wahlberg
Comin' through the airport, sluggigh, walkin' on crutches
And hit a fuckin' pregnant bitch in the stomach with luggage
It's like a dream I can't back out, I black out,
I'm back out...lookin' for somebody up to beat the crap out
I'm bringin' you rap singers two middle fingers
Flip you off in France and translate it to english
Then I'mon vanish from the face of this planet,
Then come back speakin' so much spanish, Pun can't even understand it
Ya heard?
[screaming and yelling in the background from the crowd]

_____
[Doctor] Scalpel
[Nurse]  Here
[Doctor] Sponge
[Nurse]  Here
[Doctor] Wait.. he's convulsing, he's convulsing!
[Nurse]  Ah!
[Doctor] We're gonna have to shock him!
[Nurse]  Oh my!  Oh my God!
[Doctor] We're gonna have to shock him!
[Nurse]  Oh my God!
[Eminem]
These are the results of a thousand electric volts
A neck with bolts,  Nurse we're losin him, check the pulse!
A kid who refused to respect adults
Wore spectacles with taped frames and a freckled nose
A corny lookin white boy, scrawny and always ornery
Cause I was always sick of brawny bullies pickin on me
And I might snap, one day just like that
I decided to strike back and flatten every tire on the bike rack
(Whosssssh)  My first day in junior high, this kid said,
It's you and I, three o'clock sharp this afternoon you die
I looked at my watch it was one twenty
I already gave you my lunch money what more do you want from me?!?
He said,  Don't try to run from me, you'll just make it worse...
My palms were sweaty, and I started to shake at first
Something told me,  Try to fake a stomach ache it works
I screamed,  Owww!  My appendix feels like they could burst!
Teacher, teacher, quick I need a naked nurse!
[N]  What's the matter?
[E]  I don't know, my leg, it hurts!
[N]  Leg?!?  I thought you said it was your tummy?!?
[E]  Oh, I mean it is, but I also got a bum knee!
[N]  Mr. Mathers, the fun and games are over.
And just for that stunt, you're gonna get some extra homework.
[E]  But don't you wanna give me after school detention?
[N]  Nah, that bully wants to beat your ass and I'ma let him.
Chorus: repeat 2X
Brain damage, ever since the day I was born
Drugs is what they used to say I was on
They say I never knew which way I was goin
But everywhere I go they keep playin my song
[Eminem]
Brain damage..
Way before my baby daughter Hailey
I was harassed daily by this fat kid named D'Angelo Bailey
An eighth grader who acted obnoxious, cause his father boxes
so everyday he'd shove me in the lockers
One day he came in the bathroom while I was pissin
And had me in the position to beat me into submission
He banged my head against the urinal til he broke my nose,
Soaked my clothes in blood, grabbed me and choked my throat
I tried to plead and tell him,  We shouldn't beef
But he just wouldn't leave, he kept chokin me and I couldn't breathe
He looked at me and said,  You gonna die honkey!
The principal walked in  (What's going on in here?)
and started helpin him stomp me
I made them think they beat me to death
Holdin my breath for like five minutes before they finally left
Then I got up and ran to the janitor's storage booth
Kicked the door hinge loose and ripped out the four inch screws
Grabbed some sharp objects, brooms, and foreign tools
This is for every time you took my orange juice,
or stole my seat in the lunchroom and drank my chocolate milk.
Every time you tipped my tray and it dropped and spilt.
I'm gettin you back bully!  Now once and for good.
I cocked the broomstick back and swung hard as I could
and beat him over the head with it til I broke the wood
Knocked him down, stood on his chest with one foot..
.. Made it home, later that same day
Started reading a comic, and suddenly everything became gray
I couldn't even see what I was tryin to read
I went deaf, and my left ear started to bleed
My mother started screamin,  What are you on, drugs?!?
Look at you, you're gettin blood all over my rug!   (Sorry!)
She beat me over the head with the remote control
opened a hole, and my whole brain fell out of my skull
I picked it up and screamed,  Look bitch, what have you done?!?
[M]  Oh my God, I'm sorry son
[E]  Shut up you cunt!   I said,  Fuck it!
Took it and stuck it back up in my head
then I sewed it shut and put a couple of screws in my neck
Chorus
[Eminem]
Brain damage..
It's brain damage..
I got brain damage..
It's brain damage..
It's probably brain damage..
It's brain damage..
Brain damage..
I got brain damage..

_____
I'm decimating the competition
With my fucked up rendition
Of this muthafucking song
It's my tradition
I fucked up Limp Bizkit
With my own slip disks
And the fucking bastards
Just came and dissed my district
I ain't have to diss people
To get my career started
You muthafucking assholes
Fuck everything and pass it
Knew I was special from
My first demo tape
My first hit moved straight on
To my first hate
And my first date
Was as fucked up as it gets
Passed the test
But the bitch didn't want to get wet
So I killed my guinea pig
Just to up and spite her
My fucking bitch of a mom
Screamed and said I didn't like her
I'm decimating the competion
With my fucked up rendition
Of this fucking song
It's my tradition
I fucked up Limp Bizkit
With my own slip disks
And the fucking bastards
Just came and dissed my district
Yo freestyle for all you muthafuckas
Eminem 1999
It feels so good to be back

_____
(chorus)
bud up,
bud up,
u know u want to
bud up,
bud up,
i know i want to
so what did i do
that made you sow mad
cause i know i'm sad
you want me
i want u
is that true?
i said
(chorus)
bud up,
bud up,
u know u want to
bud up,
bud up,
i know i want to
change it u
make it me
write it up
n' put it on MTV
dont make mad
cuz i'm already sad.
i said
(chorus)
bud up,
bud up,
u know u want to
bud up,
bud up,
i know i want to
(repeat)
everything i had
everything u had
gone.

_____
[Intro]
Yo, check it out, it's fucked up, and I don't see either one of us budging
[Verse]
I'm withholding my anger
Though I'd like to be the strangler
Of this punk ass little pussy's puny neck
It's my right to insist
That he acknowledge my existence
But he just displays complete lack of respect
That's what he says to himself
As he uses magazines to trash me
As he sits with both feet up at his desk
Smokes a bag of his weed
And starts imagining things
And he just can't see that he's manically depressed
And in his jealousy and envy
It just whirls him in a frenzy
As he turns on MTV and sees my face
He don't exist in this world
So he just twists and he twirls
Spirals and spins till he hurls himself into rage
And it's destroying him slowly
Cuz he does not even know me
Even though he sees me everywhere he goes
So he just tortures himself
He has no fortune and wealth
So he extorts someone else to get his dough
And now he's acting like a bully
So he tries to push and pull me
But he knows that he can't fool me so he's mad
He has no choice but to scream
And raise his voice up at me
Cuz it annoys him to see that I ain't scared
[Chorus]
You aint no motherfucking (bully)
And I aint bowing to no motherfucking (bully)
I won't allow it, aint gon coward to no (bully)
I'll be damned if I don't stand up to a (bully)
Fight like a man and throw my hands up to a (bully...)
And I know it must be fucking with you emotionall(y...)
[Verse]
Now I'm not trying to make no more enemies
No more unfortunately
There's so many motherfuckers that just are
They just keep pounding at me
Now that I'm down with 50
Suddenly now I got beef with this faggot Ja' [laughter]
But his ass is such a puppet
Irv could shove his whole hand up it
And just make him say what he wants him to say
But Suge has Irv's on a string
And Irv's so nervous that he
Says anything to this man to keep him at bay
So now Ja thinks that he's so tough
And Murder Inc.'s the big bad wolf
And they go huff and puff and blow our label down
But our building's made out of bricks
So you ain't taking out shit
I dawg you just did a song with Bobby Brown
So now you try to pull a race card
And it backfires in your face hard
Cuz you know we don't play that black and white shit
Plus this stylist that you fucked
When you was ecstasied up
Was just a man who's dressed up as a white bitch
[Chorus]
You must be taking to much (E...)
[Verse]
Now what bothers me the most
About hip-hop is we so close
To picking up where we left off with Big and Pac
We just lost Jam Master J
Big L got blasted away
Plus we lost Bugs, Slang Toungue, and Freaky Ta
It's like a never-ending cycle
That just seems to come full circle
Everybody's gotta be so fucking hard
I'm not excluding myself
Cuz I been stupid as well
I been known to lose it when someone says something smart
But as we grow as men
We learn to let shit go, but then again
There's only so much bullshit we can really stand
We all got reps to uphold
When someone steps on our toes
It's no exception, it goes for every man
But if Irv really gave a fuck
About Ja like he claims he does
He'd wake him up and make his boy get off them drugs
But he just keeps feeding him pills
So if that E doesn't kill him
Someone from G-Unit will and I ain't buzzed
Dawg, I'm talking to you straight
If the situation escalates
Any worse, we're gonna lose another soldier to this game
And if I get killed for this rap
I got a million in cash
That says I will get you back in Halie's name
[Chorus]
Irvine, get your boy off that (E...)
[Spoken]
Get at me, dawg
Holla

_____
[50 Cent]
Yeah, Shady, Hahahaha
G G G G G G G G-Unit
[Eminem]
Here we go again
[50 Cent]
Does it make you mad when I switch my flow?
You can't understand how I get my dough
50 Cent I'm on fire cause Shady said so
I'm on fire
Everybody's in a rush try to get the throne
I just get on the track and try to set the tone
I ain't tryna use nobody as a steppin stone
But don't compare me
I'm better off jus' left alone
And I ain't even tryna go there wit record sales
I'm just tryna keep it humble and respect myself
Say what up, keep steppin, and just rep D-12
Keep my nose clean, stay away from weapons, jail
And livin wreckless
But if you go check my belt
You may see something else I used to protect myself
A vest, to stop a Rueger and deflect the shells
And send 'em back at you faster than they left the barrel
And I don't even carry guns no more, I don't got to
Got undercover cops that'll legally pop you
And I done seen a lot of people cross the line
But this motherfucker Ja musta lost his mind
That X, got him thinkin' he was DMX
Then he switched to 'Pac now he's tryna be him next
So which one are you? X, Luther, Pac or Michael
Juss keep singin' the same song, recycled
We'd all much rather get along and fight you
Me and Hailie danced to your songs we liked you
And you don't really wanna step inside no mic booth
C'mon now, you know the white boy'll bite you
I hurt your pride dawg and you know I don't like to
But I will if I have to, with syllable after syllable I just slap you
Killin' you fasta than you poppin' pill afta little pill of them tabs of that shit you on
But if you want it you got it you'd bump this shit too, if we ain't diss you on it
But if we lock horns we can charge harder than Busta
We bump heads wit any motherfucker that wants to
So whats the, deal where was all the tough talk?
When I walked up to you like, Ja what up dawg?
How come you didn't say you had a problem then?
When you was standin' there wit all your men, we coulda solved this then
I'ma grown man dawg come holla
All you did was slap hands, smile and swallow,
another one of them little X pills in front of me
And tell me 50 Cent was everything you wanna be come on
[50 Cent]
[Chorus]
I know you don't want it with me
You know you don't want it with me
You, talk an' you soon will see
You don't wanna bump heads with me
I know you don't want it with me
You, talk an' you soon you will see
You know you don't want it with me
[Tony Yayo]
You couldn't son me if my father helped you
My punchlines is hot, my bars'll melt you
Ja you Stuart Little, shells'll lift you
Every other week I'm buyin a new pistol
I clap at your ass with this chrome 38
And put six thru your hats of seven 3/8
Irv you ain't Suge Knight, you should shook night
I put my knife in ya wind pipe and freeze ya on the turnpike
You know and I know who took ya chain
You got robbed two times so ya ass is lame
I'm down to die for this shit all I need is bail
You betta stick to tha movies with Steven Seigel, bitch
[50 Cent]
[Chorus]
I know you don't want it with me
You know you don't want it with me
You, talk an' you soon will see
You don't wanna bump heads with me
I know you don't want it with me
You, talk an' you soon you will see
You know you don't want it with me
[Lloyd Banks]
Fuck that I'm miles away
And these industry niggas startin' to get outta hand
I'ma find your whereabouts by stompin' 'em out ya man
Tellin' New York, even in Compton they understand
I'm on the block where you was raised doin' chocolate out tha game an'...
They see me more pop a boy for icey cuz I could
Shootin' guns for money you probably forgot your way around the hood
Bitch when you paranoid it's hard to make a song
Now you want it wit' us, half your artists got to make a point
Every magazine I own your on your knees takin' prayer picture
And you ain't even got shot yet, you scared bitches
You don't know nuttin' about what pain is sucka
I'll put your ass to the ground like a train conductor, muh'fucker
[50 Cent]
[Chorus]
I know you don't want it with me
You know you don't want it with me
You, talk an' you soon will see
You don't wanna bump heads with me
I know you don't want it with me
You, talk an' you soon you will see
You know you don't want it with me
[Tony Yayo]
Yeah nigga yeah
Shady Aftermath G-Unit
Fuck you think they call us G Unit for
Cause we move units uhha
Don't think we ain't billin you for this motherfucking studio time
A matter a fact keep call it a 50 we'll call it even

_____
Now everybody from tha 313
Put your mutha fuckin hands up and follow me
Everybody from the 313
Put your mutha fuckin hands up...
Look, look
Now while he stands tough
Notice that this man did not have his hands up
This Free Worlds got you gassed up
Now who's afraid of the big bad wolf?
One, two, three-it, to the four
One pac, two pac, three pac, four
Four pac, three pac, two pac, one
Ya'll pacs, he's pacs, ya'll pacs... None
This guy ain't no mutha fuckin MC
I know everything he's got to say against me
I am white, I am a fucking bum
I do live in a trailor with my mom
By boy future isn't Uncle Tom
I do got a dumb friend named 'Cheddar Bob' (That's me!)
Who shoots himself in his leg with his own gun
I did get jumped... By all six of you chumps
And Wink did fuck my girl...
I'm still standing here screaming 'Fuck the Free World'
Don't never try to judge me dude
You don't know what the fuck I've been through
But, I know something about you
You went to Cranbrook
That's a private school
What's the matter dawg, you embarrased?
This guy's a gangsta? His real names Clarence
And Clarence lives at home with both parents
And Clarence' parents have a real good marriage
This guy don't wanna battle, he's shook
Cuz there ain't no such things as half weight crooks
He's scared to death, he's scared to look
In his fuckin' yearbook
FUCK CRANBROOK!!!
Fuck tha beat, I'll got a-capella
Fuck a Poppa Doc, fuck a clock
Fuck a trailor, Fuck, everybody
Fuck ya'll if you doubt me
I'm a piece of fucking white trash. I'll say it proudly
And fuck this battle I don't wanna win... I'm out he
Here, tell these people something they don't know about me...

_____
[Missy] Slim Shady (4X)
[Eminem]
Well I do pop pills, I keep my tube socks filled
Pop the same shit that got Tupac killed
Spit game to these hoes, like a soap opera episode
and punch a bitch in the nose, til her whole face explodes
There's three things I hate: girls, women and bitches
Smack bitches that walk up, and drop-kick midgets
Call me Boogie Night, the stalker that walks awkward
Stick figure, with a dick bigger than Mark Wahlberg
Comin through the airport, sluggish, walkin on crutches
Hit a fuckin [*pregnant chick*] in her [*stomach*] with luggage
It's like a dream I can't snap out, I black out, and back out
Lookin for some other thug, to beat the crap out
I'm bringin you rap singers two middle fingers
I flip you off in French, then translate in English
Then I'ma vanish off the face of the planet and come back
speakin so much Spanish, Pun can't even understand it
[Missy] Won't you busa rhyme for me boy .. Slim Shady
[Shady] Yeah
[Missy] Won't you busa rhyme for me boy .. Slim motherfuckin Shady
[Shady] Yeah
[Missy] Won't you busa rhyme for me boy .. Slim Shady
[Shady] Yeah
[Missy] Won't you busa rhyme for me boy ..
[Eminem]
I had a huge attitude, started off staticky
Mad at you, had you mad at me automatically (one more time)
I'm not a commodity, I'm an oddity
who oddly enough developed himself a Halloween following
It's so big, if I counted up all the freaks who follow me
I'd probably owe Ozzy Osbourne an apology
College girls, live in an alcoholic's world
full of earl, head twirls every time the toilet swirls *flush*
Covered in throw-up, and I refuse to grow up
I won't budge, I still tell a grown-up to shut up (SHUT UP!)
I made this rap game suspenseful, cause now I got a impulse
to give you insults wrote with a pencil (bitch)
and waste the paper on you, choppin down the oakwood
Cause everything that you wrote in your notebook was no good
And as long as I stay in the studio and keep cuttin
You motherfuckers are puttin your words together for nuttin
[Missy] Won't you busa rhyme for me boy .. Slim Shady
[Shady] What's the deal?
[Missy] Won't you busa rhyme for me boy .. Slim motherfuckin Shady
[Shady] Yeah.. who?
[Missy] Won't you busa rhyme for me boy .. Slim Shady
[Shady] What's the deal?
[Missy] Won't you busa rhyme for me boy ..
[Missy]
Turn the music up, we gon' wake the neighbors
We gon' get high, we gon' roll to Vegas
Me and Slim Shady, on some shit daily
What you want what you got is it hot?  (Is it hot?)
Turn the music up, we gon' wake the neighbors
We gon' get high, we gon' roll to Vegas
Me and Slim Shady, on some shit daily
What you want (yo) what you want (yo) ahh uhh yo
"A person from another planet might disagree with you"
"Well if you want my opinion, it comes from right here on Earth"
[Eminem]
Slim Shady.. Misdemeanor..
Timbaland.. Slim Shady..
Misdemeanor..
I'm homicidal, and suicidal with no friends
Holdin a gun with no handle, just a barrel at both ends
Sprayin tecs at you until you see your fuckin legs
with the bullet holes and the exit wounds layin next to you
(AHH!)  Fuckin mad dog, foamin at the mouth
Fuck mouth, my whole house, is foamin at the couch
Jumped out of the 93rd floor of a building
and shot every window out on the way down to the ground (KEEP FILMING!)
Woke up to a hospital staff, got up and laughed, chopped em in half
Suffocated the oxygen mask
Shit if I get any higher, I'ma get the East and West beefin again
Slide back to Detroit and stand in the crossfire
[Missy]
Y'all better call the police 'fore I kill this track
Don't shoot Missy!!!  Get back
Uhh, I'ma put you all in the line
Uhh, and I'ma watch you MC's die
Yo mommy, mommy, Missy done lost her mind!
I think somebody done pissed her off this time!
Yo, I'ma have to bust you through your chest and
uhh, you will have to clean up the mess (uh-huh)
It's rainin rainin and it's pourin loud
Never fear, cause pissy Missy's through the crowd
Uhh, I hear the gats go cha-pow
Who shot me damnit?  Bitch get down
Don't walk when I talk, I never talk when I smile (uh-huh)
Lay em on down, like they lived underground (uh)
For the sound, that me and, Timbaland, we found
Get your ass, kicked later, or get your ass, kicked now
Uhh.. one-two
Misdemeanor, Slim Shady
Timbaland, motherfucker
Uhh uhh uhh
Cool, cool, cool
Triple zero

_____
[Missy]
Slim Shady
Slim Shady
Slim Shady
Slim Shady
[Eminem]
Well I do pop pills, I keep my tube socks filled
Pop the same shit that got Tupac killed
Spit game to these hoes, like a soap opera episode
And punch a bitch in the nose, til her whole face explodes
There's three things I hate: girls, women and bitches
Smack bitches that walk up, and drop-kick midgets
Call me Boogie Night, the stalker that walks awkward
Stick figure, with a dick bigger than Mark Wahlberg
Comin through the airport, sluggish, walkin on crutches
Hit a fuckin [*pregnant chick*] in her [*stomach*] with luggage
It's like a dream I can't snap out, I black out, and back out
Lookin for some other thug, to beat the crap out
I'm bringin you rap singers two middle fingers
I flip you off in French, then translate in English
Then I'ma vanish off the face of the planet and come back
Speakin so much Spanish, Pun can't even understand it
[Missy] Won't you busa rhyme for me boy .. Slim Shady
[Shady] Yeah
[Missy] Won't you busa rhyme for me boy .. Slim motherfuckin Shady
[Shady] Yeah
[Missy] Won't you busa rhyme for me boy .. Slim Shady
[Shady] Yeah
[Missy] Won't you busa rhyme for me boy ..
[Eminem]
I had a huge attitude, started off staticky
Mad at you, had you mad at me automatically (one more time)
I'm not a commodity, I'm an oddity
Who oddly enough developed himself a Halloween following
It's so big, if I counted up all the freaks who follow me
I'd probably owe Ozzy Osbourne an apology
College girls, live in an alcoholic's world
Full of earl, head twirls every time the toilet swirls *flush*
Covered in throw-up, and I refuse to grow up
I won't budge, I still tell a grown-up to shut up (SHUT UP!)
I made this rap game suspenseful, cause now I got a impulse
To give you insults wrote with a pencil (bitch)
And waste the paper on you, choppin down the oakwood
Cause everything that you wrote in your notebook was no good
And as long as I stay in the studio and keep cuttin
You motherfuckers are puttin your words together for nuttin
[Missy] Won't you busa rhyme for me boy .. Slim Shady
[Shady] What's the deal?
[Missy] Won't you busa rhyme for me boy .. Slim motherfuckin Shady
[Shady] Yeah.. who?
[Missy] Won't you busa rhyme for me boy .. Slim Shady
[Shady] What's the deal?
[Missy] Won't you busa rhyme for me boy ..
[Missy]
Turn the music up, we gon' wake the neighbors
We gon' get high, we gon' roll to Vegas
Me and Slim Shady, on some shit daily
What you want what you got is it hot? (Is it hot?)
Turn the music up, we gon' wake the neighbors
We gon' get high, we gon' roll to Vegas
Me and Slim Shady, on some shit daily
What you want (yo) what you want (yo) ahh uhh yo
"A person from another planet might disagree with you"
"Well if you want my opinion, it comes from right here on Earth"
[Eminem]
Slim Shady.. Misdemeanor..
Timbaland.. Slim Shady..
Misdemeanor..
I'm homicidal, and suicidal with no friends
Holdin a gun with no handle, just a barrel at both ends
Sprayin tecs at you until you see your fuckin legs
With the bullet holes and the exit wounds layin next to you
(AHH!) Fuckin mad dog, foamin at the mouth
Fuck mouth, my whole house, is foamin at the couch
Jumped out of the 93rd floor of a building
And shot every window out on the way down to the ground (KEEP FILMING!)
Woke up to a hospital staff, got up and laughed, chopped em in half
Suffocated the oxygen mask
Shit if I get any higher, I'ma get the East and West beefin again
Slide back to Detroit and stand in the crossfire
[Missy]
Y'all better call the police 'fore I kill this track
Don't shoot Missy!!! Get back
Uhh, I'ma put you all in the line
Uhh, and I'ma watch you MC's die
Yo mommy, mommy, Missy done lost her mind!
I think somebody done pissed her off this time!
Yo, I'ma have to bust you through your chest and
Uhh, you will have to clean up the mess (uh-huh)
It's rainin rainin and it's pourin loud
Never fear, cause pissy Missy's through the crowd
Uhh, I hear the gats go cha-pow
Who shot me damnit? Bitch get down
Don't walk when I talk, I never talk when I smile (uh-huh)
Lay em on down, like they lived underground (uh)
For the sound, that me and, Timbaland, we found
Get your ass, kicked later, or get your ass, kicked now
Uhh.. one-two
Misdemeanor, Slim Shady
Timbaland, motherfucker
Uhh uhh uhh
Cool, cool, cool
Triple zero

_____
Marshall, sounds like an SOS...
Holy wack, unlyrical lyrics Andre, you're fuckin' right...
To the rapmobile, let's go...
{Marshall, Marshall}, bitches and gentlemen, it's showtime, hurry hurry, step right up,
introducing the star of our show, his name is, {Marshall}, you wouldn't want to be anywhere else
in the world right now, so without further ado, I bring to you, {Marshall}...
You 'bout to witness hip-hop in it's most purest, more rawest form, flow almost flawless, most
hardest, most honest known artist, chip off the old block, but ol' Doc is, {back}, looks like
Batman brought his own Robin, oh God, Sadam's got his own Laden, with his own private plane, his
own pilot, set to blow college dorm rooms doors off the hinges, oranges, peach, pears, plums,
syringes, {vnn vnn}, yeah here I come, i'm inches, away from you, dear fear none, hip-hop is in
a state of 911, so...
[CHORUS]
Let's get down to business, I don't got no time to play around, what is this, must be a circus
in town, let's shut the shit down on these clowns, can I get a witness, {hell yeah}, let's get
down to business, I don't got no time to play around, what is this, must be a circus in town,
let's shut the shit down on these clowns, can I get a witness, {hell yeah}...
Quick gotta move fast, gotta perform miracles, gee willikers Dre, holy bat syllables, look at
all the bullshit that goes on in Gotham when i'm gone, time to get rid of these rap criminals,
so skip to your lou while I do what I do best, you ain't even impressed no more, you're used to
it, flows too wet, nobody close to it, nobody says it, but still everybody knows the shit, the
most hated on out of all those who say they get hated on in eighty songs and exaggerate it all
so much, they make it all up, there's no such thing, like a female with good looks, who cooks
and cleans, it just means so much more to so much more people when you're rappin' and you know
what for, the show must go on, so i'd like to welcome y'all to Marshall and Andre's carnival,
c'mon now...
[CHORUS]
It's just like old times, the dynamic duo, two old friends, why panic, you already know who's
fully capable, the two capped heroes, dial straight down the center eight-zero-zero, you can
even call collect, the most feared duet, since me and Elton played career Russian Roulette, and
never even see me blink or get to bustin' a sweat, people steppin' over people just to rush to
the set, just to get to see an emcee who breathes so freely, ease over these beat's and be so
breezy, Jesus how can shit be so easy, how can one Chandra be so Levy, turn on these beats,
emcee's don't see me, believe me BET and MTV are gonna grieve, when we leave, dog fo' sheezy,
can't leave rap alone, the game needs me, 'till we grow beards, get weird, and disappear into
the mountains, nothin' but clowns down here, but we ain't fuckin around round here, yo' Dre,
what up, can I get a hell, hell yeah, now...
[CHORUS]
So there you have it folks, {Marshall}, has come to save the day, back with his friend Andre,
and to remind you that bullshit does not pay, because, {Marshall}, and Andre are here to stay
and never go away until our dying day until we're old and grey, {Marshall}, so until next time
friends, same blonde hair, same rap channel, good night everyone, thank you for coming, your
host for the evening, {Marshall}, oh, ha...

_____
You're so fit and u know it
and I only dream of u
cos my life such a bitch
But u can change it
maybe u need somebody just like me,
don't turn me down cos I've got no car and
I've got
No money...
Chorus
I asked I u to dance at the disco
but u said no
The whole world was watching and laughing
on the day that I crashed and burned...
At your feet!
Since the day you dissed me
I'm feeling so pathetic,
cos the guys...well,they've ditched me
and its all because of u and your friends r laughing at me now
you think that I'm nothing
Ask your sister what you're missing
Chorus
Maybe you think that you're too good for me
tonight when you get home you're gonna see
that
I know I've got something better than you
baby
I asked you to dance at the disco
but u said no!
The whole world was watching and laughing
on the day
I asked you to dance at the disco
but you said no!
the whole world was laughing and watching
on the day That I crashed and burned ...
At your feet

_____
(eminem)
Butterfly,kiss my dick bitch,kim your one sick bitch shit, why slit your wrists bitch is for attention is it for the shit we did i never should mention the shit ill never be forgetting for as long as i live as long as i spit for as long as i kick back wit this pad and write shit/cos shit i could spit till my whole lips split till my whole wrist becomes stiff im one progressive lyricist...
(bridge)
owww.why do this to me you fucking little bitch Kim wheres my butterfly kissES
(chorus) butterfly kiss me
kiss me quickly slim shady is me shady down to a fuckin tee (he he)
bitch wheres my butterfli kisses
Butterfly,kiss my dick bitch,kim your one sick bitch shit, why slit your wrists bitch is for attention is it for the shit we did i never should mention the shit ill never be forgetting for as long as i live as long as i spit for as long as i kick back wit this pad and write shit/cos shit i could spit till my whole lips split till my whole wrist becomes stiff im one progressive lyricist...
owww.why do this to me you fucking little bitch Kim wheres my butterfly kissES
owww.why do this to me you fucking little bitch Kim wheres my butterfly kissES
owww.why do this to me you fucking little bitch Kim wheres my butterfly kissES
yes slim shady yes bitch heres my butterfly kisses (lips kissing sound )

_____
This I Promise You...  (remake of westlife's.)
When the visions around you
Bring tears to your dopey eyes
And all that surround you
Are secrets and lies
I'll be your strength
I'll give you hope
Keeping your faith when it's gone
The one you should text message
Was standing here all along
And I will take you in my arms
And hold you right where you belong
'Til the day my life is through
This I promise you

_____
[in a high falsetto voice]
Uncle Marshall!
Will you tell us a bedtime story?
[regular voice]
Here we go...
Now once upon a time not long ago
There was a little rapper about to blow
But his album came and it was not good
I think it went lead or double copper wood
So the silly little fans they were mislead
By a nerdy internet computer hip-hop head
"Me and you, 'Clef, we're gonna make some cash
Grab the silver paint and let's paint my ass"
Hey mister, would ya care to bare witness to
The ass-whippin' I'm about to administer
To this ass-kissin' little vaginal blister
Stanabis, little Marshall Mathers' sister
And in this corner, we have the mister
Not havin' it, it's the mad sinister
Dr. Evil with his bag of tricks for
this little antagonist faggot dick-suckin'
Ex-LL Cool J fan from Windsor
I'm 'bout to murder little Kenny fag Keniff-sta
You bastard I ain't wanna have to diss ya
Canabis, where the fuck you at? I miss ya!
[Chorus]
Can-i-bitch, oh Can-i-bitch
Where for art thou Can-i-bitch?
Please tell me what happened with
That style that you were rappin' with
Can-i-bitch, oh Can-i-bitch
Are you from Los Angeles
New York or just a janitor
From Canada? Oh Can-i-bitch
Now at first I ain't really understand the shit
Picture me for a second and imagine it
Chillin' in the Bat-Mansion and relaxin'
When all a sudden some bullshit comes across the scanners
It's Can-i-bitch on some "Stan Lives" shit
It creeped me out at first. Man this is sick
For me, being just a sick, this conflict
Gets my dick harder than arithmetic
And I know how you jealous ones envy
I shoulda knew better from the first few letters you sent me
The first two letters you were tellin' me shit
Like you respect me, like any other regular MC
The third letter you ask how come I ain't return
None of the messages at Shady Records you left me
The fourth letter: "Slim, you really startin' to upset me!"
The fifth letter told me you were comin' to get me
The sixth letter there's a bomb threat in our building
This crazy motherfucker's really tryin' to kill me!
So I went back and read the first few letters that said
Some shit about a message you left
Oh shit, that's not an "E" that's an "A"
This dude wants to leave me a "massage," he's gay!!
Right away I'm on the phone with Dr. Dre
We got a bogey! (Marshall I'm on the way)
[Chorus]
Can-i-bitch, oh Can-i-bitch
Where for art thou Can-i-bitch?
Please tell me what happened with
That style that you were rappin' with
Can-i-bitch, oh Can-i-bitch
Are you from Los Angeles
New York or just a janitor
From Canada? Oh Can-i-bitch
So in two seconds flat Dre's at my crib
The funny thing is we both know where this kid lives
And neither one of us have Canadian citizenship
Shit. Oh Dre, wait a mintue that's it
All we gotta do is use a bit of turbo boost
We can fly over the border "Let's go" [WOOSH!]
So we're off to Toronto and we're gainin' speed
[BOOSH!] (What was that? Oh) Jermaine Dupri
Fuck It, keep goin' no time to waste
Wait, backup hit him one more time in case
Okay .. fuck now he's draggin' under the car
Oh well, only 30 more thousand miles
Meanwhile me and Dre are tryin' to conversate
Just tryin' to find a reason for the constant hate
And tryin' to figure out what happened to 'Germaine Propaine'
"He couldn't have fell off that hard" Ain't no way
"What happened to the way you was rappin' when you was scandalous
That Canibus turned into a television evangelist"
Plus he raps with his regular voice [BOOSH! BOOSH!]
[BOOSH! BOOSH!] (What was that?) Pet Shop Boys
So we pull up to the bridge where he last was spotted
His corpse was still movin' but his ass was rotted
He kinda smelled a little like Courtney Love
I figure if I stick him with a fork he's done
So I stabbed him twice, kept jabbin', Christ
He won't die, this guy's like a battered wife
He's like Kim, he keeps comin' back for more
But he won't fight back I cracked his jaw
Hold up, 'Bis quit foldin' up!
Punch me in the chest! Make my shoulders touch!
Do somethin'! At least one punchline
C'mon till the meter reads 9-9-9-
ty-nine percent of my fans are blonde
'Bis c'mon answer me man respond!
Tell me 'bout the sun rain moon and stars
Intergalatical metaphors from Mars!
Raw to the floor, raw like Reservoir Dogs
Bite another line from Redman's song!
Suddenly the stub from a dead man's arm
From a midget reaches out from under the car
It's JD, this motherfucker won't die neither
Dre starts sprayin' him with cans of ether
We stomped the bitch and then stopmed the bitch again
(Compton!) Detroit bitch! Talk some shit again!
Stomp him! (switch feet) Stomp him! (switch again!)
Dre alright he's dead dog, quit kickin him!
I think Stanabis jumped off the bridge again (Damn)
He disappeared yo he's gone he did it again
[Chorus]
Can-i-bitch, oh Can-i-bitch
Where for art thou Can-i-bitch?
Please tell me what happened with
That style that you were rappin' with
Can-i-bitch, oh Can-i-bitch
Are you from Los Angeles
New York or just a janitor
From Canada? Oh Can-i-bitch

_____
So this is it...
This is what I wished for
Just isn't how I envisioned it
Famed to the point of imprisonment
I just thought the shit'd be different
But something changed
The minute that I got a whiff of it
I started to inhale it
Smell it
Started sniffin' it
And it became my cocaine
I just couldn't quit
I just wanted a little bit
Then it turned me (in) to a monster
I became a hypocrite
Concert after concert
I was raking in the dough
Rolling in green
Had the game hemmed up
Like a sewing machine
But I was losing my freedom
There was no where for me
To not go and be seen
And just go and be me
And there was no in-between
You either loved it or hate it
Every CD critics gave it a 3, then 3
Years later, they'd go back and re-rate it
And call the Slim Shady LP the greatest
The Marshall Mathers was a classic
The Eminem Show was fantastic
But Encore just didn't have the caliber to match it
I guess enough time just ain't passed, yet
A couple more years, that shit'll be ill-matic
And eight years later, I'm still at it
Divorce, re-married
A felon
A father
Sleeping pill addict
And this is real talk
I feel like the Incredible Hulk
My back has been broke, and I can still walk
Chorus
So be careful what you wish for
'Cause you just might get it
And if you get it then you just might not know
What to do wit' it, 'cause it might just
Come back on you ten-fold
I said
Be careful what you wish for
'Cause you just might get it
And if you get it then you just might not know
What to do wit' it, 'cause it might just
Come back on you ten-fold
I got a letter from a fan, that said
He's been praying for me
Every day and for some reason
It's been weighing on my mind heavy
'Cause I don't read every
Letter I get, but something told me to go ahead and open it, but
Why would someone pray for you when they don't know you?
You didn't pray for me when I was local
And as I lay these vocals
I think of all the shit I had to go through
Just to get to where I'm at
I've already told you at least
A thousand times in these rhymes
I appreciate the prayer, but I've already got
God on my side
And it's been one hell of a ride, hasn't it?
Just watchin' it from an opposite standpoint
Man, boy's got to look
Nuts
And that's the only word I can think of right now
On how
To describe the shit
This is like a vibe you get
Go ahead and bob to it
Just watch what you wish for, 'cause I got the shit
Chorus
So be careful what you wish for
'Cause you just might get it
And if you get it then you just might not know
What to do wit' it, 'cause it might just
Come back on you ten-fold
I said
Be careful what you wish for
'Cause you just might get it
And if you get it then you just might not know
What to do wit' it, 'cause it might just
Come back on you ten-fold

_____
It was the year in 1999
when i realized everythin wasn't fine
I didn't want to live anymore,
i wanted to splatter my room with blood and gore.
Flunkin out of all my classes,
bullies beatin me up and breakin my glasses.
Parents abusin me,
my teachers sending me to therapy.
You see..i put on this happy mask,
So the people don't ask...
Why are you so sad?
i'm just tryin to help you..don't get mad.
Well fuck you..i don't need your shit
I don't need your help you fuckin Nitwit.
Well look what time it is,
Its time to do my biz
Well I guess this is my final good bye,
i guess this is the part where i die
i'll lie down on this bed
and blow off my fucking head
And you can pick up the pieces,
and send them to your nephews and nieces
and you pick up this bed sheet with the red stain,
and flush it right down the drain
chop up my body,
and this too you can flush down the potty
Cuz i'm leavin this earth,
its been a burden ever since my birth

_____
[Paul:] You said that love was just a state of mind
A puzzle made of pieces you can't find
And for me you never really had the time
I was blind.
[Christian:] And everything that you meant to me
Is written in the pages of my history
But it's over now as far as i can see
Suddenly
[Ben:] Things are so different now you're gone
I thought it'd be easy i was wrong
[All:] And now i'm caught
[Ben:] And now, i'm caught in the middle
Even though i'm with someone new
All i can think about is you
[All:] And now i'm caught
[Ben:] And now, i'm caught in the middle
[Mark:] Moving on she brings me brighter days
Thoughts of you are in my mind always
Like a memory that i can't erase
It's here to stay
[Ben:] Things are so different now you're gone
I thought it'd be easy i was wrong
[All:] And now i'm caught
[Ben:] And now, i'm caught in the middle
Even though i'm with someone new
All i can think about is you
[All:] And now i'm caught
[Ben:] And now, i'm caught in the middle
[All:] So different
([Mark:] it's so different)
So easy
([Paul:] so easy)
But i can't get over you
([Ben:] i can't get over you)
So different
([Paul:] it's so different)
So easy
([Mark:] so easy)
But i can't get over you
([Ben:] and i can't get over you)
[Ben:] Things are so different now you're gone
I thought it'd be easy i was wrong
[All:] And now i'm caught
[Ben:] And now, i'm caught in the middle
Even though i'm with someone new
All i can think about is you
[All:] And now i'm caught
[Ben:] And now, i'm caught in the middle
[Ben:] Things are so different now you're gone
I thought it'd be easy i was wrong
[All:] And now i'm caught
[Ben:] And now, i'm caught in the middle
Even though i'm with someone new
All i can think about is you
[All:] And now i'm caught
[Ben:] And now, i'm caught in the middle
[Ben:] Things are so different now you're gone
I thought it'd be easy i was wrong
And now i'm caught
Caught in the middle
Even though i'm with someone new
All i can think about is you
And now, i'm caught in the middle

_____
cheddar, i can rip you to a shreader,
cheddar cheese, theres not a better MC then me,
im b rabbit, bitch, sting like a bee,
float like a butterfly, what am i, so what if i cut a guy,
did i s-s-studder guy,
leave you punch drunk from lunch truck to shelter,
you never felt the rag that held the skelta, melt ya,
got the belt for the welt to weight champ,
you got in with a fake stamp,
garbage bag full of clothes, still pullin hoes,
rip you from head to toe, from leg to bullet hole,
next gun pull it slow,
and aim at the freeworld before you let it go,
instead of oh, i just shot my dick head,
and yes you do gotta big head,
i can't call it, cheddar where's your wallet,
your so drunk, you can out drink the alcoholics,
make them say damn, cheddar's the man,
he needs a can surgically removed from his hand.

_____
OOOOOHHHHH.......
Every body thinks that EMINEM stinks like a peice of yellow cheese but
i say that hes ok..... hm hmhmhmhm
oh i wish i were an oscoar miner wiener..... thats what id truly wanna
be .... and if i were a oscoar miner weiner....... id truly wanna say
CHEESE PLEASE!!!
im sorry mommy i nevar ment to hurt chuu i nevar ment to make chu
cwi but tonight im cleaning out me one of does closets

_____
VERSE 1
The very first day,
I knew what my life would be like,
I wished i could fly away,
Fly away from this life.
BRIDGE:
So maybe ,just maybe
I might fly away to some random place
One random day.
CHORUS:
Its not these words are the giving,
But the life thats not worth living.
Just throw me down,treat me like dirt.
Its not as if i will ever excert.
VERSE 2
The smile stops at me
Which blocked too much happiness,
From reaching hopeful people,
It seems im a body living lifeless.
BRIDGE
CHORUS
VERSE 3
You cant see things from my perspective,
Dont be rude, irrispective,
Of what u think, how youd cope,
When i was 11 i had my first smoke.
BRIDGE
CHORUS
You dont know what ive been through,
What lengths i will go to,

_____
Now I'm De Sheiki
Smokin the leak leaky
Ten Freaky girls inside the Chin Tiki
When you look at me you better believe me
This ain't a game and pimpin ain't easy
Anything goes when it comes to hoes
I'm the kingpin when it comes to flows
You better ask someone if you don't know
When you see me girl say what up Doe!
Chin Tiki girls Chin Chin Chin Tiki girls

_____
[Eminem]
Your style is generic
Mine's authentic made
I roll like a renegade
You need clinic aid
My techniques bizzare an ill
I scar and kill
You were a star until i served you like a bar and grill
Now I proceed to cook and grill ya
That's all it took to kill ya
You better recognize me like i look familiar
You wanna battle?
You beat around the bush
Like you scared to lick pussy so eat around the tush
I need a clown to push
Someone that I can bully
Wait a minute I don't think you understand fully
See me without a style is like mustard without the Heinz
I lead the new school, you're a Busta without the Rhymes
I'll crush the shit out your lines
[Big Dude]
Now i'm the rashiki smokin the lick licky
10 freaky girls inside the chin tiki
Girl when you see me you better believe me
This aint a game and pimpin aint easy
Anything goes when it comes to hoes
Im the king pin when it comes to flows
You betta ask someone if you don't know
When you see me girl say wat up dogg
10 freaky girls, 10, 10, 10 freaky girls

_____
Dopey-D:
Christine twistine with just one kiss
In my pants you'll make me piss
And to make things worse, ur not here
to tickle me where crabs can appear
If there would ever be someone i loved & id do
til they caught my aids, that would be you
Leonie:
Yo they call me right, they call me wrong
they call me muthafuckin' Annabel Chong
My diagnosis' are fuct up, my tits aint stuck up
they hang like bananas so bitch nigga shut up
I have a patient, she's fucking confused
just fuck ur friend C, what u got 2 lose?
I'm a mental health counsellor
bitch dont let me bounce on ya
i'll break ur fucking legs til ur bones poke thru ur skin
and ur left with an ouch-ouch on ya
Dopey-D:
Symptoms of a psycho crack head whore
black heads pores
thrush fungii 4 sure
leonie's got em all
I miss my twistine
little christmas tree
little boobies yeh
but little means when i hug her i dont have 2 fucking
pine cones digging into my chest.
Now where was i?
I just got my....
no not period dickhead phone charged but i got no credit so stop my
head from making up
shit like she's at bribie raping sluts
i cant handle myself ooh lets kiss no lets not
U sat on my lap n u peed now get off
leonie's not helpin C
sucking on a goats teets
would help her more now fuckoff and eat shit u fat slut leonie.
Leonie:
That wasnt nice
Do u have head lice?
I have a grape sized clitoris
wanna have a taist? (taste)
well im fuckin out bitch
get crystal off the couch bitch
oh.... i came to ur house did i?
Twistine: Yeh get out my house bitch
*gunshots*
Leonie: errrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrhhhhhh.
Dopey-D: I want a fucking cigarette but i cant have 1 cuz
every1 went 2 sleep and i keep hearing noises coming
from the other side of the house. Help me Twistine. I'm scerred.
If I die then um play "Ode 2 my twistine" at my funeral.
p.s. I miss u. I love u. But u already knew that. But u
couldnt have known the 1st 1. xx
Dopey-D:
Leonie why u at the bar if u aint got no money u gay shit?
What good is that degree if u aint fuckin ur patients?
Checkin' ur reflection & tellin' ur counsellor friend..
Like girl... I think my tits r beginnin 2 shrink
fat whore crack whore
makin twistine open ya trap door
and put her hand inside 2 see if she can find
a cure 4 her brain deadness cuz she losin her mind
i think im jealous of ur counsellor
she's just a fat girl that is ur friend she shares a special part of u
la la la la ahh fuck this shit im fuckin goin 2 bed
Leonie:
ahhhhhhhhh pffft, pffft fuck my job in its big fat sap cracked buttcrack
ahhhhhhhhh pffft, pffft fuck my job in its big fat sap cracked buttcrack
ahhhhhhhhh pffft, pffft fuck my job in its big fat sap cracked buttcrack
ahhhhhhhhh pffft, pffft fuck my job in its big fat sap cracked buttcrack
ahhhhhhhhh pffft, pffft fuck my job in its big fat sap cracked buttcrack
ahhhhhhhhh pffft, pffft fuck my job in its big fat sap cracked buttcrack
ahhhhhhhhh pffft, pffft fuck my job in its big fat sap cracked buttcrack
ahhhhhhhhh pffft, pffft fuck my job in its big fat sap cracked buttcrack
Dopey-D:
Yo shut the fuck up bitch
twistine loves me not u
not u
never u
clever me
tena lady user what the fuck am i on about?
She loves me
She loves me!
Now sing it bitch!
Sing it bitch Beatles style b4 i blow another hole in ur
estrogen pipe
sing it u fat fucker
Leonie:
Ok! Ok! fucking hell..
She loves you.. yeah, yeah, yeah
She loves you.. yeah, yeah, yeah
She loves you.. yeah, yeah, yeah
She loves you.. yeah, yeah, yeah
She loves you.. yeah, yeah, yeah
She loves you.. yeah, yeah, yeah
She loves you.. yeah, yeah, yeah
She loves you.. yeah, yeah, yeah
She loves you.. yeah, yeah, yeah
She loves you.. yeah, yeah, yeah
She loves you.. yeah, yeah, yeah
She loves you.. yeah, yeah, yeah
She loves you.. yeah, yeah, yeah
She loves you.. yeah, yeah, yeah
Can I stop now?
Dopey-D:
Fuck no, iz u crazy bitch?
Leonie:
She loves you.. yeah, yeah, yeah
She loves you.. yeah, yeah, yeah
She loves you.. yeah, yeah, yeah
She loves you.. yeah, yeah, yeah
She loves you.. yeah, yeah, yeah
She loves you.. yeah, yeah, yeah
She loves you.. yeah, yeah, yeah
She loves you.. yeah, yeah, yeah
She loves you.. yeah, yeah, yeah til fade

_____
(A lump of coal I'm Wondering why,
I got out of bed at all.
I can't believe it's Christmas morning,
And there's no gift at all.
I thought that this was supposed to be,
A day to deck the halls.
But he forgot again,
And I'm so mad, I'm so mad.)
Chorus
A lump of coal I'm Wondering why,
I got out of bed at all.
I can't believe it's Christmas morning,
and there's no gift at all.
I thought that this was supposed to be,
A day to deck the halls.
But he forgot again,
and I'm so mad, I'm so mad.
Dear Santa,
I wrote but you ain't' brought me nuthin',
I sent you a whole gift list,
But I still hadn't got none.
I sent to letters back in autumn,
You must not have got em'.
There probably was a problem with the elf's up there or sumthin'.
Maybe them midgets didn't know that Christmas was coming.
But anyway, fuck it,
What's been up man how's your reindeer?
I put cookies on the roof for them to eat when they get here.
You missed my house this time,
That's OK, maybe next year.
Wake my ass up then and we'll have a light beer.
On my list was some things that I want you to bring me.
When you get a chance, please drop em' all down my chimney.
What I asked you for was playstation from Sony,
And Play-dough, and Lego's, and skates and a pony.
That's all I want, and this year I been good.
So please, fill up that sack and swing by my hood,
If you could, Truly yours, you're biggest fan,
This is Stan.
Chorus
Dear Santa,
I can't believe that you forgot me again.
Ain't shit sittin' underneath the tree in my den.
You didn't bring Play-dough or Lego's or Sony.
How am I supposed to get to school with no skates or a pony?
I saw you at the mall, singin' about with your choir,
When my friend called you fake, yo I called him a liar.
Now I'd like to grab your neck and set your beard on fire.
You know that song about the grandma who got run over, by the reindeer,
Who came down and landed right on her.
She got crushed on Christmas eve, now me and grandpa we believe.
That's kind' like this is, you coulda' made me believe too.
Now its too late, I'm about to convert to a Jew.
And all I wanted was a lousy gift under the tree.
But now I'm fucked up, cuz' you forgot me.
I love you Santa, we coulda' been together, think about it.
You ruined it now, I hope you can't sleep and you dream about it.
And when you dream, (Stanley) Mom I'll be down in a minute.
I hope you dream about elf's kicking you in the nuts,
And Frosty the snowman icing you up the but.
(Stanley!) Ok ma'. Santa I'll explain this real simple.
I'm going to see the rabbi, he's waitin' down at the temple.
Even circumcision can't be much worse that what I been through.
So next year at this time, send a filter fish.
Happy Hanukah Saint Dick,
Cuz' Stan's turning Jewish.
Chorus
Ho ho ho, Dear Stan,
I meant to write you sooner, but this year I been busy.
Santa Claus feel real bad he didn't come down your chimney.
Dangit all too, cuz you ain't been naughty, you been nice.
Guess Santa Claus checked his list once, but forgot to do twice.
Oh well, that's the way things go at the North Pole.
Sometimes hard to remember, Santa Claus gettin' old.
But what's this here about you becomin a Jew?
And cuttin' on your ding-dong, is that what they do?
Hold up right there, cuz that's sum crazy ass shit.
Santa Claus don't let nobody chop on his dick.
And what the hell you talkin' about us being together?
That type of thing there, that's for men who wear leather.
That's gay talk right there, that's H-O-M-O.
You sendin' this here letter from San Francisco?
(That's good. San Fran-sisco. That could keep me going right there.)
But anyways, oh what the hell, ohh yeah.
Don't be so gay, and about turnin' Jewish,
Call my lawyer say "Orvet".
Hang on in one more year, you got a gift comin'.
Santa Claus gonna' bring you a nice, blonde white woman.
And if Stan ain't to good, she'll look like Kate Hudson.
And that Kate Hudson, put her right up on lap,
And make all kind' sex, on his trouser shorts.(Mmm,Hmm)
Alright then I gotta go whippin' back on elf.
Marry Christmas Stan,
And don't play with yourself. Ho ho ho.

_____
Intro:
Where's my snare
I have no snare on my headphones
There you go
Yeah
Yo yo
Verse #1
Have you ever been hated, or discriminated against
I have, I've been protested and demostrated against
Picket signs for my wickid rhymes, look at the times
Sick of this mind, of the mother fucking kid that's behind
All this commotion, emotions run deep as oceans exploding
Tempers flaring from parents just blow em off and keep going
Not taking nothing from no one, give em hell long as I'm breathing
Keep kicking ass in the morning, and taking names in the evening
Leaving with the taste of sour with viniger in they mouth
See they can trigger me, but they'll never figure me out
Look at me now, I betcha probably sick of me now
Ain't you mama, I'ma make you look so ridiculous now
Chorus x2
I'm sorry mama
I never meant to hurt you
I never meant make you cry
But tonight, I'm cleaning out my closet
One More Time
I'm sorry mama
I never meant to hurt you
I never meant make you cry
But tonight, I'm cleaning out my closet
Ha!
Verse #2
I got some skeletons in my closet
And I dont know if no one knows it
So before they throw me inside my coffin and close it
I'ma expose it, I'll take you back to '73
Before I ever had a multi-platinum selling CD
I was a baby maybe I was just a couple of months
My faggot father must've had his panties up in a bunch
'Cause he split, I wonder if he even kissed me goodbye
No I don't, on second thought I just fucking wished he would die
I look at Hailey, and I couldn't picture leaving her side
Even if I hated Kim, I grit my teeth and I try to make it work
With her atleast for Hailie's sake I maybe made some mistakes
But I'm only human but I'm man enough to face them today
What I did was stupid, no doubt it was dumb
But the smartest shit I did was take the bullets outta that gun
Cause I'd of killed em, shit I would've shot Kim and them both
It's my life, I'd like to welcome ya'll to the Eminem show
Chorus x2
Verse #3
Now I would never diss my own mama just to get recognition
Take a second to listen for who you think this record is dissing
But put yourself in my position, just try to invision
Witnessing your mama popping prescription pills in the kitchen
bitching that someone's always going through her purse when shit's missing
Going through public housing systems, victim of munchasen syndrome
My whole life I was made to believe I was sick when I wasn't
'Til I grew up, now I blew up it makes you sick to your stomach, doesn't it
Wasn't it the reason you made a CD for me, ma
So you could try to justify the way you treated me, ma
But guess what, your getting older now and it's cold when your lonely
And Nathan's growing up so quick he's gonna know that your phoney
And Hailie's getting so big now, you should see her, she's beautiful
But you'll never see her, she wont even be at your funeral *hahaha*
See what hurts me the most, is you wont admit you was wrong
Bitch, do your song, keep telling yourself that you was a mum
But how dare you try to take what you didn't help me to get
You selfish bitch, I hope you fucking burn in hell for this shit!
Remember when Ronnie died and you said you wished it was me
Well guess what, I am dead, dead to you as can be
Chorus x2

_____
(feat. D12)
Good mornin
Haha, wake your mother fuckin asses up
Yo what is the what
Well come on then, you know what time it is
Stop sleepin on my roof bitch
For whatever it's worth it's worth me havin my arse whipped
Cause I'ma have the last lift that ever gets arse squished
I just can't get past these little pissants
That wanna be rauny bad asses so bad
And they so mad they can't stand it
Cause we can and they can't spit (Haawk)
And they can't handle it like a man
And that's when it just happens
And I snap and it's a wrap, and it's a scrap an then it isn't rap is it
Hip-Hop isn't a sport anymore when you got to go and resort back into that shit
Maybe I'm old fashioned but my pashion
Is to smash anyone rappin without havin a slappin
Believe me I'd much rather pick up a pencil than a pistol but I'm pissed now
But it all depends on just how far it get's took on the mic
Cause I'm tellin you right now your not gonna like it
Cause if I get pushed over the edge then I'm pullin you with me
You poke a stick at a big boy you get bit B
These words stick to you like crazy glue
When you diss me cause they just bounce off me like bullets do fifty!
I'm the beatiful-est thing and your gonna miss me when I'm gone
Like Kieth Murry when he threw a stool and hit a girl acci-dently (argghhh!!)
I do this for Swifty, Kon and Kuniva, Bizzy & Proof are you with me
[Chorus: Eminem]
Come on an everybody come on an
Kick your shoes off mother fuckers come on an
Cause we get it on an till the brick of dawn an
Wake your arse up mother fuckers quit yawnin
Cause we ain't leavin till 6 in tha mornin
So up an sing along with the words to the song an
If you don't know the words an you can't sing along an
Fake like you know em mother fuckers an join in
Everybody come on an
[Swifty]
the media pitted me of a beef starter
In a party with heat it's hard to keep me without one
Fuck slugs I'm walkin gloves with a shotgun
Constantly popin slugs they hot son, better not run
The bosses of all bosses a haluocaust to whoever ain't concious
In a house full of dog shit,
I'ma gothic death project, you stop breathin
You die quicker than mach speed without bleedin
It ain't about what you readin
When you meet me better speak like a season's greetins
Either that or we'll be beefin free when
You ******* need a 'E' just to speak shit!
Your leader is a botique bitch
Keep the heater where you can reach quick
I snipe you with it and we won't even keep it a secret
****** I did it from a mind of a mental patient
When glocks wave you can save that conversation for satan
You brave
[Chorus: Eminem]
Come on an everybody come on an
Kick your shoes off mother fuckers come on an
Cause we get it on an till the brick of dawn an
Wake your arse up mother fuckers quit yawnin
Cause we ain't leavin till 6 in tha mornin
So up an sing along with the words to the song an
If you don't know the words an you can't sing along an
Fake like you know em mother fuckers an join in
Everybody come on an
[Kuniva]
Yo yo I heard you niggas don't like us
But so what this beef is like
'What tha fuck did he say in his rap Em'
I can see that he's just a punk
I mean these niggas squeeze on me
Please I'm seeing guts
I don't need no enemies, as my family a couple trucks
Am I empty seein them  I emtpy out them  to fight you
In front of every reporter that I don't like
No need for metaphores I get yours across when I write
So emotions enough to say "fuck you bitch, and I don't like you, WHAT!"
I might as well give this up like heavy sales
And just fuck an leave D12 and this blunt
We can't self destruct
I've never felt it this much
Come on fellas, get up
We got to fight like Bugs last night of his life
[Kon Artis]
I walk with a limp, pistol hangin off'a tha hip
I'm awkward and quick enough an sick when sparkin a fith
Your carcus is split even the beef is partially thick
We can't take you serious, you a comedy skit
You probaly wish that you could be out shootin them G's
But the only thing you shoot is the breeze
I can't believe you speaking on movin key's
But every time we hear you kick it
The only thing you sellin is wolf tickets
I look wicked cause niggas will test your nut sack
So when they bust you better bust back
And get your guts clapped outa your stomach
And when they want it (yeah)
I bring a hundred niggas from runave
So get your gun and if you comin
[Chorus: Eminem]
Come on an everybody come on an
Kick your shoes off mother fuckers come on an
Cause we get it on an till the brick of dawn an
Wake your arse up mother fuckers quit yawnin
Cause we ain't leavin till 6 in tha mornin
So up an sing along with the words to the song an
If you don't know the words an you can't sing along an
Fake like you know em mother fuckers an join in
Everybody come on an

_____
Good mornin
Haha, wake your mother fuckin asses up
Yo what is the what?
Well come on then, you know what time it is
Stop sleepin on my roof bitch
For whatever it's worth it's worth me havin my arse whipped
Cause I'ma have the last lift that ever gets arse squished
I just can't get past these little pissants
That wanna be rauny bad asses so bad
And they so mad they can't stand it
Cause we can and they can't spit (Haawk)
And they can't handle it like a man
And that's when it just happens
And I snap and it's a wrap, and it's a scrap an then it isn't rap is it?
Hip-Hop isn't a sport anymore when you got to go and resort back into that shit
Maybe I'm old fashioned but my pashion
Is to smash anyone rappin without havin a slappin
Believe me I'd much rather pick up a pencil than a pistol but I'm pissed now
But it all depends on just how far it get's took on the mic
Cause I'm tellin you right now your not gonna like it
Cause if I get pushed over the edge then I'm pullin you with me
You poke a stick at a big boy you get bit B
These words stick to you like crazy glue
When you diss me cause they just bounce off me like bullets do fifty!
I'm the beatiful-est thing and your gonna miss me when I'm gone
Like Kieth Murry when he threw a stool and hit a girl acci-dently (argghhh!!)
I do this for Swifty, Kon and Kuniva, Bizzy & Proof are you with me?
[Chorus: Eminem]
Come on an everybody come on an
Kick your shoes off mother fuckers come on an
Cause we get it on an till the brick of dawn an
Wake your arse up mother fuckers quit yawnin
Cause we ain't leavin till 6 in tha mornin
So up an sing along with the words to the song an
If you don't know the words an you can't sing along an
Fake like you know em mother fuckers an join in
Everybody come on an
[Swifty]
?? the media pitted me of a beef starter
In a party with heat it's hard to keep me without one
Fuck slugs I'm walkin gloves with a shotgun
Constantly popin slugs they hot son, better not run
The bosses of all bosses a haluocaust to whoever ain't concious
In a house full of dog shit,
I'ma gothic death project, you stop breathin
You die quicker than mach speed without bleedin
It ain't about what you readin
When you meet me better speak like a season's greetins
Either that or we'll be beefin free when
You ******* need a 'E' just to speak shit!
Your leader is a botique bitch
Keep the heater where you can reach quick
I snipe you with it and we won't even keep it a secret
****** I did it from a mind of a mental patient
When glocks wave you can save that conversation for satan
You brave?
[Chorus: Eminem]
Come on an everybody come on an
Kick your shoes off mother fuckers come on an
Cause we get it on an till the brick of dawn an
Wake your arse up mother fuckers quit yawnin
Cause we ain't leavin till 6 in tha mornin
So up an sing along with the words to the song an
If you don't know the words an you can't sing along an
Fake like you know em mother fuckers an join in
Everybody come on an
[Kuniva]
Yo yo I heard you niggas don't like us
But so what this beef is like
'What tha fuck did he say in his rap Em?'
I can see that he's just a punk
I mean these niggas squeeze on me
Please I'm seeing guts
I don't need no enemies, as my family a couple trucks
Am I empty seein them ?? I emtpy out them ?? to fight you
In front of every reporter that I don't like
No need for metaphores I get yours across when I write
So emotions enough to say "fuck you bitch, and I don't like you, WHAT!"
I might as well give this up like heavy sales
And just fuck an leave D12 and this blunt
We can't self destruct
I've never felt it this much
Come on fellas, get up
We got to fight like Bugs last night of his life
[Kon Artis]
I walk with a limp, pistol hangin off'a tha hip
I'm awkward and quick enough an sick when sparkin a fith
Your carcus is split even the beef is partially thick
We can't take you serious, you a comedy skit
You probaly wish that you could be out shootin them G's
But the only thing you shoot is the breeze
I can't believe you speaking on movin key's
But every time we hear you kick it
The only thing you sellin is wolf tickets
I look wicked cause niggas will test your nut sack
So when they bust you better bust back
And get your guts clapped outa your stomach
And when they want it (yeah)
I bring a hundred niggas from runave
So get your gun and if you comin
[Chorus: Eminem]
Come on an everybody come on an
Kick your shoes off mother fuckers come on an
Cause we get it on an till the brick of dawn an
Wake your arse up mother fuckers quit yawnin
Cause we ain't leavin till 6 in tha mornin
So up an sing along with the words to the song an
If you don't know the words an you can't sing along an
Fake like you know em mother fuckers an join in
Everybody come on an

_____
[Other voice]
You always thought that I was doing alright
But nothing that was through a night
But I'm crazy over you
Crazy Over you
Crazy Over you
Let me go crazy crazy Over youuuuuuuuu
[Verse 1]
Can't you see what you do to me baby?
You make me crazy, you make me act like a maniac.
I'm like a lunatic, you make me sick
You truly are the only one who can do this to me
You just make me get so crazy.
I go skitzo, I get so insane I just go skitzophrenic
One minute I want to slit your throat
The next I want sex.
You make me crazy,
the way we act like 2 maniacs in the sac
We fuck like 2 jackrabbits
And maybe that's a bad habit.
Cuz the next day we're right back at it
In the same exact pattern
What the fuck is the matter with us
We can't figure out if it's
Lust or it's love
What's sad is what's attracting us to each other
They say that every man grows up to marry his own mother.
Which would explain why you're such a motherfucking bitch
But I stay and still stick it out with you even though I just hit you today
But you deserve it you hit me first and provoked me to choke you
Just cuz I came home late last night crawled in bed and I woke you.
But if there's one thing about you I admire its, baby,
Because you stay with me, maybe, because you're as crazy as I am
Cuz when I look at you I can see an angel in your eyes
But if I look deeper inside I see your freakish little side.
Like a devil in disguise,
You're always full of surprises
Always pullin' devises
Out your personal vibrators and dildos
You fucked yourself so much
You barely feel those anymored
You're only 24 but you're plenty more
mature than those other little hoes
Who just act like little girls
Like they're in middle school still
You're crazy sexy cool, chillin
You play your position
You never step out of line
Even though I stayed in your business
You've always kept out of mine.
I wonder whats on your mind
Sometimes they say love is blind
Maybe that's why the first time I dotted your eye
You ain't see a sign.
[with Chorus]
Or maybe you did Maybe you like being shoved
Maybe cuz we're crazy in loooove
[Chorus]
Crazy Over you
Crazy Over you
Let me go crazy crazy Over youuuuuuuuu
[Verse 2]
You're the ink to my paper
What my pen is to my pad
The moral, the very fiber
The whole substance to my rap.
You are my reason for being
The meaning of my existence
If it wasn't for you
I would never be able to spit the
sentences that i do but the irony
Is you rely on me as much
as I rely on you to inspire me like you do.
You provide me the lighterfluid to fuel my fire
You're my entire supply
Gas, the match, the igniter.
The only way that I am able to stay so stable
Is you're the legs to my table
If you were to break I'd fall on my face.
But I'm always going to make you feel
I don't need you as much as I really need you
So you don't use it to your advantage.
But you're essential to me
You're the air I breathe
I believe if you ever leave me
I'd probably have no reason to be.
You are the Kim to my Marshall
You're the Slim to my Shady
The Dre to my Eminem
The Alaine to my Hailey.
You are the word I am looking for when
I'm trying to describe how I feel inside
And the right one just won't come to my mind.
You're like the pillar that props me up
The beam that supports me
The bitch who never took half,
The wife who never divorced me.
You're like the root to my evil
You let my devil come out me
You let me beat the shit out you
Before you beat the shit out me.
[with Chorus]
And no matter how much
Too much is never enough
Maybe cuz we're crazy in loooove
[Chorus]
I'm Crazy Over you
Crazy Over you
Let me go crazy crazy Over youuuuuuuuu

_____
[Ann Wilson's voice]
I Tell myself that I'm doing alright
Nothing else to do tonight but
To go Crazy, Crazy On You
Lemme go Crazy, Crazy on you
youuuuuuuuu
[Verse 1]
Can't you see what you do to me baby?
You make me crazy, you make me act like a maniac.
I'm like a lunatic, you make me sick
You truly are the only one who can do this to me
You just make me get so crazy.
I go skitzo, I get so insane I just go skitzophrenic
One minute I want to slit your throat
The next I want to sex.
You make me crazy,
the way we act like 2 maniacs in the sac
We fuck like 2 jackrabbits
And maybe that's a bad habit.
Cuz the next day we're right back at it
In the same exact pattern
What the fuck is the matter with us
We can't figure out if it's
Lust or it's love
What's sad is what's attracting us to each other
They say that every man grows up to marry his own mother.
Which would explain why you're such a motherfucking bitch
But I stay and still stick it out with you even though I just hit you today
But you deserve it you hit me first and provoked me to choke you
Just cuz I came home late last night crawled in bed and I woke you.
But if there's one thing about you I admire its, baby,
Because you stay with me, maybe, because you're as crazy as I am
Cuz when I look at you I can see an angel in your eyes
But if I look deeper inside I see your freakish little side.
Like a devil in disguise,
You're always full of surprises
Always pullin' devises
Out your purse, little vibrators and dildos
You fucked yourself so much
You barely feel those anymore
You're only 24 but you're plenty more mature
Than those other little hoes
Who just act like little girls
Like they're in middle school still
You're crazy sexy cool, chillin
You play your position
You never step out of line
Even though I stay in your business
You've always kept out of mine.
I wonder whats on your mind
Sometimes they say love is blind
Maybe that's why the first time I dotted your eye
You ain't see a sign.
[with Chorus]
Or maybe you did Maybe you like being shoved
Maybe cuz we're crazy in loooove
[Chorus]
Crazy on you
Crazy on you
Let me go crazy crazy on youuuuuuuuu
[Verse 2]
You're the ink to my paper
Where my pen is to my pad
The moral, the very fiber
The whole substance to my rap.
You are my reason for being
The meaning of my existence
If it wasn't for you
I would never be able to spit this
As intense I do and the irony
Is you rely on me as much
as I rely on you to inspire me like you do.
You provide me the lighter fluid to fuel my fire
You're my entire supply
Gas, the match, the igniter.
The only way that I am able to stay so stable
Is you're the legs to my table
If you were to break I'd fall on my face.
But I'm always going to make you feel
I don't need you as much as I really need you
So you don't use it to your advantage.
But you're essential to me
You're the air I breathe
I believe if you ever leave me
I'd probably have no reason to be.
You are the Kim to my Marshall
You're the Slim to my Shady
The Dre to my Eminem
The Elaina to my Hailey.
You are the word I am looking for when
I'm trying to describe how I feel inside
And the right one just won't come to my mind.
You're like the pillar that props me up
The beam that supports me
The bitch who never took half,
The wife who never divorced me.
You're like the root to my evil
You let my devil come out me
You let me beat the shit out you
Before you beat the shit out me.
[with Chorus]
And no matter how much
Too much is never enough
Maybe cuz we're crazy in loooove
[Chorus]
I'm crazy on you
Crazy on you
Let me go crazy crazy on youuuuuuuuu

_____
hi,
my name Is what,
my name is who,
my name is  ChikaChika Slim Shady
hi,
my name is huh,
my name is what,
my name is chikaChika Slim Shady
[Says] Excuse me?
Can I have the attention of the class, for one second?
Hi kids, do you like violence (yeah, yeah!)
wanna see me stick nine-inch nails
through each one of my eyelids.(uh-huh!)
Wanna copy me and do exactly like
i did try acid and get fucked up
worse than my life is (huh?)
My brain's dead weight I'm tryin
to get my head straight but i
can't figure out which Spice Girl
i wanna impregnate.
And Dr. Dre said (Slim Shady you
a base head) nuh-uh! (then why's
your face red, man you wasted)
Well since age twelve I felt like
I'm someone else cuz I hung my
original self from the top bunk
with a belt.
Got pissed off and ripped Pamela
Lee's tits off and smacked her so
hard I knocked her clothes
backwards like Kriss Kross.
I'll smoke a fat pound of grass
and fall on my ass faster than a
fat bitch who sat down too fast.
Come here slut (Shady wait a minute
that's my girl dog) I don't give a
fuck, God sent me to piss the world
off.
Chorus x2
My English teacher wanted to have sex in jr. high
the only problem was, my english teacher was a guy
I smacked him in his face wit an
eraser chased him wit a stapler and
stapled his nuts to a stack of paper.
Walked in a strip club, had my
jacket zipped up flashed the
bartender and stuck my dick in the
tip cup.
Extra-terrestrial runnin' over pedestrians,
rapin lesbians while they screamin
(let's just be friends).
Ninety-nine percent of my life I was
lied to I just found out my mom does
more dope than I do.
I told her I'd grow up to be a famous
rapper make a record about doin drugs
and name it after her.
You know you blew up wit the women
rush your stands and try to touch
your hands like some screamin Usher

_____
I'm leaving today
Living it, leaving it to change
Slowly drifting into a peaceful breeze
Tongue tied and twisted are all my memories
Celebrating a fantasy come true
Packing all my bags, finally on the move
Chorus
I'm leaving today
Living it,  oh i'm leaving it to change
As I'm driving i'm captured by the view
So much beauty the road becomes my muse
The heat is rising and my hand surfs through the wind
Cool calm collected is the child that lies within, see
Chorus x 2
But somehow I miss it, I think I'll really miss it
One day
I turn up the radio and I'm feeling like I've never felt before
Turn down the memories of yesteryears and broken dreams I bring
Finally free
Slowly drifting
Into a peaceful breeze
Chorus x 3
Living it, leaving it
Said I'm living it
I'm leaving it
Living it, leaving it
To change
But somehow I miss it, I think I'll really miss it
One day

_____
[Girl]	Hmm-hmm-hmhmhmmhm.. ahhh, whooooo!!  Shit
[Em]	Yo, mic check
Testing one, two, um... twelve
(whattup whattup whattup.. Outsidaz)
[Em]	This is my dance song (Outsidaz)
Can you hear me?
(Rah Digga, Pacewon, Young Zee)
[Em]	Aight, ay turn my headphones up
(bust it bust it)
[Eminem]
My favoite color is red, like the blood shed
from Kurt Cobain's head, when he shot himself dead
Women all grabbin at my shishkabob
Bought Lauryn Hill's tape so her kids could starve
(I can't stand white people!)
You thought I was livid, now I'm even more so
Shit I got full blown AIDS and a sore throat
I got a wardrobe with an orange robe {*wolf whistle*}
I'm in the fourth row, signin autographs at your show
(Yo can you sign this right here?)
I just remembered that I'm absent minded
Wait, I mean I've lost my mind, I can't find it
I'm freestylin every verse that I spit
cause I don't even remember the words to my shit (umm, one two)
I told the doc I need a change in sickness
and gave a girl herpes in exchange for syphilis
Put my LP on your Christmas gift list
You wanna get high, here bitch just sniff this
Cum on everybody -- get down tonight (8X)
[Eminem]
Yo.. yo yo yo yo
I tried suicide once and I'll try it again
That's why I write songs where I die at the end
Cause I don't give a fuck, like my middle finger was stuck
and I was wavin it at everybody screamin, "I suck"  (I SUCK!!!)
I go on stage in front of a sellout crowd
and yell out loud, "All y'all get the hell out now"
Fuck rap, I'm givin it up y'all, I'm sorry
(But Eminem this is your record release party!)
I'm bored out of my gourd -- so I took a hammer
and nailed my foot to the floorboard of my Ford
Guess I'm just a sick sick bastard
who's one sandwich short of a picnic basket (I ain't got it all)
One Excederin tablet short of a full medicine cabinet
I feel like my head has been shredded like lettuce and cabbage
(ohhhhhhh)  And if you ever see a video for this shit
I'll probably be dressed up like a mummy with my wrists slit
Cum on everybody -- get down tonight (8X)
[Eminem]
Got bitches on my jock out in East Detroit
Cause they think that I'm a motherfuckin Beastie Boy {*wolf whistle*}
So I told em I was Mike D
They was like, "Gee I don't know, he might be!"
I told em, "Meet me at Kid Rock's next concert
I'll be standin by the Loch Ness Monster (okay) peace out (bye!!)"
Then I jetted to the weed house
Smoked out til I started bustin freestyles
Broke out then I dipped quick back to the crib, put on lipstick
Crushed up the Tylenol and ate it with a dipstick (*slurping*}
Made a couple of crank calls collect [*brrrrrrring, click*]
"Ken Kaniff from Connecticut, can you accept?"
I wanna make songs all the fellas dub
And murder every rich rapper that I'm jealous of
So just remember when I bomb your set
Yo, I only cuss to make your mom upset
Cum on everybody -- get down tonight (20X)

_____
[Ken Kaniff]
Is this thing on?
Where'd everybody go?
Guess who's back?
Back again?.
Ken is back, tell some'men
Rub my back, Rub my back, Rub my back, Rub my back?.
Eh?.Wait?..Hello?
Eh?..Goodnight

_____
[50 cent]
Sh-sh-sh-shady
Aftermath, haha
G-G-G-G-G-Unit!, haha
[Chorus]
First we came here to set this party off right
Let's bounce tonight
And if they don't let us in through the front
We'll come through the side
Cuz i don't ever wanna leave the game without
At least saying goodbye
So all my people on the left, all my people on the right
Swing one last time
[Eminem]
Get your ass up for the doctor
One more time, get your ass up for the doctor
Come on now, here we go
Cliff hanger, it's another club banger
Got you hangin' on the edge of your seat
Get on down
[Dr. Dre]
Times up, games over, you lose, I win
'bout to show these knuckleheads how to do this here
Ooh yeah, new year, next phase, begin
Look who's got you goin' crazy again
I'm a trend, I set one every time I'm in
I go out and just come back full circle again
You a fad, that means your something that we already had
But once you're gone, you don't come back, too bad
[Eminem]
You're off the map now, radar can't even find you
We stay on the grind, you slip, we out-grind you
You walk around mad, you let your anger blind you
We walk around just playin' the violin behind you
Enough with all the pissin' and moanin', whinin' and bitchin'
Sit and observe, listen, you'll learn if you pay attention
Why ten multi-platinum albums later, three diamond
World-wide, we're on the charts with a bullet and still climbin'
[Chorus]
[Eminem]
When dr. dre say crunk, you will get it crunk, get it crunk
Crunk, crunk, crunk
And when 50 cent says jump, you get on one foot and jump
[Dr. Dre]
The buzz is tremendous, we drop you all to sense it
I don't gotta promote it for you to know that doc is off the benches
[Eminem]
We keep the party rockin' off the henges
We ain't showin' off, we just goin' off popular consensus
[Dr. Dre]
But critics say that Doc is soft, Doc is talk
Doc is all washed up, knock it off
Who the fuck is Doc impressin'?
Doc is this, Doc is that, you got the wrong impression
You must be on the cock of Doc, cuz Doc left you all guessin'
So DJ take the needle and just drop it on the record (what)
We gon' have this mutherfucker hoppin' in a second (bump bump)
That's why we always save the best cut last
To make you scratch and itch for it like fresh cut grass
[Eminem]
Cuz we done swam with the sharks, wrestle with alligators
Spoke to a generation of angry teenagers
Whom if it wasn't for rap to bridge the gap
Maybe raised to be racist
Who may have never got to see our faces
Grace the cover of Rolling Stone pages
Broke down barriers of language and races
Just call on the cape crusaders
And leave it to me and Dre to pass the mic
And we can play the back and forth all day
Like the hot potato game, thats why we came to
[Chorus]
[Eminem]
50 cent, come on!
[50 Cent]
Bounce now, hands up, you know how we do
We make the club jump everywhere we go
It's no secret, everybody know
When Dre's involved, there's plenty money involved
[Dr. Dre]
And plenty honey's involved, the sunny Sunday's and palm trees
Cali, everyday it's just another party from the valley's
All the way to them 8 Mile alleys, let's rally
[Eminem]
Hands up for the grand finale
Now raise up out your seat, Dre is about to speak
Blaze a pound of weed six days up out the week
[Dr. Dre]
You could catch me in the studio bangin' out the beats to
Provide you with the heat that keep blazin' out your speaker
[Eminem]
So nervous, ain't never cuz Shady Aftermath together
Along with G-Unit Records presents the return of the-the Doc (and Shady)
No one could do it better
We tear the club up and leave without a strand of evidence and uh
[Chorus]
[Eminem]
Yeah, haha
Still Aftermath, 2006
And don't worry about that Detox album
It's comin', we gonna make Dre do it, haha
50 cent, G-unit, Obie Trice, D-twizzy, Stat Quo, Dr. Dre
We ain't leavin', let's go! haha
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you all for comin' out, peace!
Oh shit, I almost forgot
You're comin' with me (gun shots)
Haha, bye bye!
See you in hell, fuckers.

_____
i remember when i was little
i saw you walk out that door
i remember  seeing my mum
her heart was broken and sore
well now you know that i reallly hate you
i wish i could shoot you
i learn every day by your mistakes
now i know never to leave my daughtter
just like you did me
well thats tough my daughter stays with me
she makes happy no matter what
just coz 8 mile was a big hit
your my papa that dont mean you are
you piece of ****
now rap over
hopefully you too

_____
yo yo yo
iv been fuckin them bitches
why yals hatas be snitchin
i know why because you cant flo
well at least not no mo
because you a playa hata
you a nerd and plays on the eskalaters
the truth you dont get pussy
i know why because you a wussy
cuz you know my flos are hot
and i only do it in a specail spot
with a mice on a stage
hommie are you o.k.
you know what i mean cuz
ooh i just told you like yo moma does
nigga you tryin to flo
oh no
hes thinking in his head
instead
of busting it out
whou you in boy scouts
hey
you know that shit is gay
shitttt__________
you never seen a real tit
damb hommie

_____
Come and free me
With your words of love you heal me
Take me up above and free me
With the look of love you heal me, you heal me, oh you heal me
It's hard to say I'm sorry
for the way I made you feel
I need your arms around me
Cause your love it keeps me real
It's hard to find the answers
But I gotta let you know
Whe were meant to be together
We're two halfes of one hole
Now I need your love
Come and free me
With your words of love you heal me
Take me up above and free me
With the look of love you heal me, you heal me, oh you heal me
It's hard without you near me
What's done is done I'm told
And days go bye forever
in our world so cold
Its hard to find the reason
Why we walked away
And I can't stop believin'
That you'll come back to stay
Now I need your love, and now I need your love
Come and free me
With your words of love you heal me
Take me up above and free me
With the look of love you heal me, you heal me
Come and free me, you heal me
Come and free me
With your words of love you heal me
Take me up above and free me
With the look of love you heal me, you heal me, oh you heal me
Oh you heal me... you heal me.. oh you heal me...

_____
2001
i'ts a busy busy
matt houston
23h la journee commence oooooo
la nuit va etre bonne et lucrative je pense
pas de condes qui trainent aux alentours
la cite est calme et on connait les issus de secours.
je sors de ma poche un vieux bedo,
histoire de passer le temps et d'avoir un peu plus chaud
1er client me demande de popo
et je viens de ganger le 1er billet de la soiree.
qu'est ce que je vais aller me faire chier a l'ecole
de toute facon y'a pas de place pour moi sauf en colle
dans une semaine j'ai mon merco
alors que les autres c'est  carte orange et metro
la nuit passe et les billets se multiplient
je sais que c'est mal mais j'ai pas d'autres moyens de survie
alors bon Dieu o laisse moi m'en sortir
avant la vie n'etait pas la meme quand j'etais enfant
j'aimais et je respectais mes parents wo wooo
quand je vois ce que je suis devenu a present
j'en pleure la nuit o wo wo
ma femme m'a quite
pour le biz que je fais
elle dit qu'elle a peur un jour de me voir tuer
mes amis s'ecartent et me laissent tomber
ma famille s'efface et ne me connait meme plus
c'est comme ca que ca se passe 7 jours de la semaine
je claque toute ma tune en boite le week end
hors la loi,renegat
qu'il y ait du danger ou pas
pas de probleme pour moi
je reste la aaa
je vis comme un renegat
tous les jours mes gars
a dealer,a dealer,a dealer
je vis comme un renegat,
tous les jours les mes gars ooooo
avant  ma vie n'etait pas la meme quand j'etais enfant
j'aimais et je respectais mes parents wo woooo
quand je vois ce que je suis devenu a present
j'en pleure la nuit o wo wo.

_____
La la la la,
This is my stop,
(Eet errt)
Got to get off,
(Eet Errt)
I may go,
(HA)
Excuse me,
(der ner ner NER)
Excuse me,
(der ner ner NER)
I've got to be direct,
If I'm more please--correct,
You're standing on my neck, '
You're standing on my neck,
YOU'RE STANDING ON MY NECK!!!
(Der ner ner ner ner)
La la la la la,
(La la la la la)

_____
[Puff] Bad Boy baby
[Big] Yeah.. yeah..
Junior M.A.F.I.A., yeah..
[Puff] Yeah.. B.I.G. 2000
B.I.G. 2000 Born Again.. c'mon..
[Notorious B.I.G.]
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
[Notorious B.I.G.]
Relax and take notes, while I take tokes of the marijuana smoke
Throw you in a choke - gun smoke, gun smoke
Biggie Smalls for mayor, the rap slayer
The hooker layer - motherfucker say your prayers
Hail Mary full of grace.. smack the bitch in the face;
Take her Gucci bag and the North Face 
Off her back, jab her if she act
Funny with the money oh you got me mistaken honey
I don't wanna rape ya, I just want the paper
The Visa, kapeesha? I'm out like, "The Vapors"
Who's the one you call Mr. Macho, the head honcho
Swift fist like Camacho, I got so
Much style I should be down wit the Stylistics
Make up to break up {*singing in background*} niggaz need to wake up
Smell the indonesia; beat you to a seizure
Then fuck your moms, hit the skins til amnesia
She don't remember shit! Just the two hits!
Her hittin the floor, and me hittin the clits!
Suckin on the tits! Had the hooker beggin for the dick
And your moms ain't ugly love; my dick got rock quick
I guess I was a combination of House of Pain and Bobby Brown
I was "Humpin Around" and "Jump-in Around"
Jacked her then I asked her who's the man; she said, "B-I-G"
Then I bust in her E-Y-E (Yo Big, you're dead wrong)
[Notorious B.I.G.]
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
"I don't care what nobody say"
"I don't care what nobody say"
"I don't care what nobody say"
"I don't care what nobody say"
[Notorious B.I.G.]
When I get dusted, I like to spread the blood like mustard
Trust it, my hardcore rain leaves you rusted
Move over Lucifer, I'm more ruthless, huh
Leave your toothless, you'll kibbitz, I'll flip it
Tears don't affect me, I hit 'em with the tech G
Disrespect me - my potency is deadly
I'm shootin babies, no ifs ands or maybes
Hit mummy in the tummy if the hooker plays a dummy
Slit the wrist of little sis
After she sucked the dick, I stabbed her brother with the icepick
Because he wanted me to fuck him from the back
But Smalls don't get down like that
Got your father hidin in a room; fucked him with the broom
Slit him down the back and threw salt in the wound
Who you think you're dealin with?
Anybody step into my path is fuckin feelin it!
Hardcore, I got it sucked like a pussy
Stab ya til you're gushy, so please don't push.. me
I'm using rubbers so they won't trace the semen
The black demon, got the little hookers screamin
Because you know I love it young, fresh and green
With no hair in between, know what I mean?
[Notorious B.I.G.]
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
"I don't care what nobody say"
"I don't care what nobody say"
"I don't care what nobody say"
"I don't care what nobody say"
[Puff] Ladies and gentlemen..
[Eminem]
There's several different levels to Devil worshippin: horse's heads,
Human sacrifices, canibalism; candles and exorcism
Animals havin sex with 'em; camels mammals and rabbits
But I don't get into that, I kick the habit - I just,
Beat you to death with weapons that eat through the flesh
And I never eat you unless the fuckin, meat looks fresh
I got a lion in my pocket, I'm lyin, I got a nine in my pocket
And baby I'm just, dyin to cock him
He's ready for war, I'm ready for war
I got machetes and swords for any faggot that said he was raw
My uz' as, heavy as yours, yeah you met me before
I just didn't have as large an arsenal of weapons before
Marshall will step in the door, I lay your head on the floor
With your body spread on the bedspread, red on the wall
Red on the ceilin, red on the floor, get a new whore
Met on the second, wet on the third;
Then she's dead on the fourth - I'm dead wrong
[Notorious B.I.G.]
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
"I don't care what nobody say"
"I don't care what nobody say"
"I don't care what nobody say"
"I don't care what nobody say"
[Notorious B.I.G.]
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
[Puff Daddy]
Uh-huh, and we won't stop, because we can't stop

_____
[Puff]	Bad Boy baby
[Big]	Yeah.. yeah..
Junior M.A.F.I.A., yeah..
[Puff]	Yeah.. B.I.G. 2000
B.I.G. 2000 Born Again.. c'mon..
Chorus: Notorious B.I.G.
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
[Notorious B.I.G.]
Relax and take notes, while I take tokes of the marijuana smoke
Throw you in a choke - gun smoke, gun smoke
Biggie Smalls for mayor, the rap slayer
The hooker layer - motherfucker say your prayers
Hail Mary full of grace.. smack the bitch in the face;
take her Gucci bag and the North Face
off her back, jab her if she act
funny with the money oh you got me mistaken honey
I don't wanna rape ya, I just want the paper
The Visa, kapeesha?  I'm out like, "The Vapors"
Who's the one you call Mr. Macho, the head honcho
Swift fist like Camacho, I got so
much style I should be down wit the Stylistics
Make up to break up {*singing in background*} niggaz need to wake up
Smell the indonesia; beat you to a seizure
Then fuck your moms, hit the skins til amnesia
She don't remember shit!  Just the two hits!
Her hittin the floor, and me hittin the clits!
Suckin on the tits!  Had the hooker beggin for the dick
And your moms ain't ugly love; my dick got rock quick
I guess I was a combination of House of Pain and Bobby Brown
I was "Humpin Around" and "Jump-in Around"
Jacked her then I asked her who's the man; she said, "B-I-G"
Then I bust in her E-Y-E (Yo Big, you're dead wrong)
Chorus 2X + "I don't care what nobody say" sample (4X at start)
[Notorious B.I.G.]
When I get dusted, I like to spread the blood like mustard
Trust it, my hardcore rain leaves you rusted
Move over Lucifer, I'm more ruthless, huh
Leave your toothless, you'll kibbitz, I'll flip it
Tears don't affect me, I hit 'em with the tech G
Disrespect me - my potency is deadly
I'm shootin babies, no ifs ands or maybes
Hit mummy in the tummy if the hooker plays a dummy
Slit the wrist of little sis
After she sucked the dick, I stabbed her brother with the icepick
because he wanted me to fuck him from the back
but Smalls don't get down like that
Got your father hidin in a room; fucked him with the broom
Slit him down the back and threw salt in the wound
Who you think you're dealin with?
Anybody step into my path is fuckin feelin it!
Hardcore, I got it sucked like a pussy
Stab ya til you're gushy, so please don't push.. me
I'm using rubbers so they won't trace the semen
The black demon, got the little hookers screamin
Because you know I love it young, fresh and green
with no hair in between, know what I mean?
Chorus 2X + "I don't care what nobody say" sample (4X at start)
[Puff]	Ladies and gentlemen..
[Eminem]
There's several different levels to Devil worshippin: horse's heads,
human sacrifices, canibalism; candles and exorcism
Animals havin sex with 'em; camels mammals and rabbits
But I don't get into that, I kick the habit - I just,
beat you to death with weapons that eat through the flesh
And I never eat you unless the fuckin, meat looks fresh
I got a lion in my pocket, I'm lyin, I got a nine in my pocket
and baby I'm just, dyin to cock him
He's ready for war, I'm ready for war
I got machetes and swords for any faggot that said he was raw
My uz' as, heavy as yours, yeah you met me before
I just didn't have as large an arsenal of weapons before
Marshall will step in the door, I lay your head on the floor
With your body spread on the bedspread, red on the wall
red on the ceilin, red on the floor, get a new whore
Met on the second, wet on the third;
then she's dead on the fourth - I'm dead wrong
Chorus 2X + "I don't care what nobody say" sample (4X at start)
Chorus repeats to fade..
[Puff Daddy]
Uh-huh, and we won't stop, because we can't stop

_____
[ma opinion] ye..im doin dis cuz im bored
(ehhh.. dis song is disin Eminem awww :(
o ye n he aint gay ya stupid f*g...he don like u!!!aha dats hurten!
[announcer]
Written and produced at sound break dot com...
[sum lady]
will the real scott thompson please stand up..
please stand up
oooohhh dear..
I think we're gona have a problem here..
[some gay f*g who thinks eminem likes him...um ye keep dreamin
hun!!]
[first letter]
Dear eminem..i still havent heard back from you
but thats ok
i undertand you..cause i do it too
im always on the road like tom jones
i expect i'll be hearing from you pretty soon though..
cause i included a self-addressed envelope,
along with some stamps..
and just incase, i also put in my e-mail adress:
i still think your da bomb
anyway...im still with vince
ooh thats right! you havent met him!
If we ever adopt a special needs mix-raced child..
were gona name him eminem!!!
so...wassssup!?
i hear youre divorcing Kim
good!
i always thought you looked better with him!
dre completes you..
in the middle is where he meets you
I bet he had you
..and yo! dude!..
its so rare to have a black man stick around..
believe me,i know! (what a total f*g eh?)
hang onto him Marshal!
Everyone says im a dope for loving you like i do(o scott u have no idea!)
They say youre homo-fobic
but..
i say your not!!(ehhh dats enuf budi nomore wit da eminem dises!)
Sincerly yours,Your Biggest Gay Fan,Scott
[chorus:]aaahhha dis chorus is pure jokes!!
your so angry all the timeee
i just dont see the point
even when i see your photos..
you've always gota scow
even if i could be as close as dre
would you ever smile at all?
this concerns me..
are you straight or gay?
straight or gaay (um.. ye hes straight so back off ur scarin me)
[second verse]
Dear mr. ive gotten a little too big for my riches..
well here it is..one month later and still no letter
(k wut is dis guy..does he got pms or somethin'jeese..)
its not really me its more my mother..
she thinks we look good together(eh r u sure ur mom aint a gay f*g 2?)
i think you look good in leather
thats just me though..
Hey!
remember that night you didn't play at madison square?
my mom and i were there!
thanks! (im sure its his pleasure)
my mom got a cold after that (cough..dad..cough)
i hope you get fat!
i love you marshal..
but i hate you slim
vince is so jealous of you..
he doesnt understand that its true..
that rap-ers can be gay(srri but dis one aint gay)
well..not gay like gay-gay
but gay like..
dude that shirt is so gay!(dats my defenition of gay..)
sometimes i think to myself..
what if you were ugly?
would i still be in love with you like i am?
or am i that shallow?
damn!
anyway..
let me just rap-up another letter that you wont return of course..
by saying that im voting for britteny at the mtv awards(thats iight cuz im votin em!)
Love,Scott
Oh! P.S tell nursy dre that elton and george send there love
Mwah!
[chorus:]haha its still jokes!
your so angry all the timeee
i just dont see the point
even when i see your photos..
you've always gota scow
even if i could be as close as dre
would you ever smile at all?
this concerns me..
are you straight or gay?
straight or gaay (STRAIGHT!!)
[Verse 3:]
Dear mr..
Im so hardcore to come outa the closet cause..
i dont wana loose my street fame with the homies:
but inside im just a n'sync loving sweet little giirll(naw dats nuff outa u)
i can no-longer continue with this one-sided relationship anymore Marshal
and i have decided this is the last you'll ever hear from me..
nnooo im not gona kill myself you idiot!!(damn!)
i killed my boyfriend vince
i did! (um hm BS!!)
i guess i just got so sick and tired of defending your fat (skiny) ass!
and so i-i-i beat him to death with the juicer (lmao s-t-t-u-d-d-er)
[vince:]
hey pumpkin im home i uh..
[gay fag scott]
vince! shh!
would you please get outa here im pouting (aww babes dont pout haha)
dinner's in the oven just put it in the microwave ok?
[vince:]
aight
[pouter]
ok!
hes not dead but he could be!
im not angry!
i just drank a fifth of carrot juice
dare me to drive!!!(ohh please no we dont want u 2 try n pik up fags!)
well i would..
but i cant drive stick
mmother tells me that i should just walk away
you know like that song by the vangels? walk like an egyption?
but without the egyption part..
(da gay fag cries)
let me tell you something..
mr.matthers
youd better watch it b..
cause you could easily get fat.
oo..oooo.oo your skinny now!
cause your young (ewww its a pedafile!watch out marshal!!)
but you'll get fat
oo trust me
and i cant wait for that day..
i cant wait to see your duet with pebo..
or s-s-s-ee you in one of those casinos..slim shady
yeah!!
more like fat shady!!(um..no dont embaress urself scott)
i hate you fattyy
you are so fat!! (oo careful now dont cry dere scott)
i-i hate you!
llllove you!! (dats more like it)
i hate you
i love you
i hate you
i love you
i hate you
i love you
i hate you..
(da fag continues to embaress himself)
Vince?
ok listen up dere budi no one cares about whar your saying about em
ya and for all you peoples who dont care what i have to say..
then go hook up with scott over here if he can make up his mind
whether or not he hates eminem
but ye thanks for reading my opinions and stuff...
iight peace!..(o ye i didnt double check it so there might be some
mistakes if u see sum send one at ma email above cya!)

_____
Dig It uh uh oh (keep diggin)
Dig It uh uh oh (oh!)
Dig It uh uh oh (dig it)
Dig It uh uh oh (oh!)
Two suits, two tokens in hand
i got no respect cause im the new man
got my shovel
shoes full of sand
check out the tag
the name is caveman(uh)
na na na na nananana
na na na na (oh!)
A-R-M-P-I to the T
what is that you smelly dog
thats me
i dont take showers and i dont brush my teeth
thats all i do is dig holes, eat, and sleep
there is no late
there is no shade
there is no place to hide
so just sit and wait to fry
(youve got to go dig those holes)
(dig it uh uh oh oh!)
work into the mornin
up before the sun
keep diggin that hole til the day is done
work into the mornin
up before the sun
keep diggin that hole til the day is done

_____
&#65279;Dig It uh uh oh (keep diggin)
Dig It uh uh oh (oh!)
Dig It uh uh oh (dig it)
Dig It uh uh oh (oh!)
Two suits, two tokens in hand
i got no respect cause im the new man
got my shovel
shoes full of sand
check out the tag
the name is caveman(uh)
na na na na nananana
na na na na (oh!)
A-R-M-P-I to the T
what is that you smelly dog
that's me
i don't take showers and i don't brush my teeth
that's all i do is dig holes, eat, and sleep
there is no lake
there is no shade
there is no place to hide
so just sit and wait to fry
(you've got to go dig those holes)
(dig it uh uh oh oh!)
work into the mornin
up before the sun
keep diggin that hole til the day is done
work into the mornin
up before the sun
keep diggin that hole til the day is done

_____
i wanna fuckin apologize
what the fuck for
well all the lies
i sit and wonder why we have balls as eyes
why men couldn't just have penises wallet size
if i loved you i cud've called your house
but i wasn't sure
if me or you
was insecure
that you could cure
all my pain
or if it was just the goddamn rain
it just right ain't
i cudn't find the idea main
in you while shit i went down fuckin memory lane
some days i wanted to be a comedian
there i find myself starin down at my feet again
i never wanted us to really meet again
but you had to go and work at that heat campaign
some days i wanna run
get away from all this sun
go someplace where i can have some fun
i noticed i'm having none
so rescue me
i beg you please
i wanna touch slim shady and have my moment of eztreme stun
while i go home and act real crazy
poisonin minds of real young ladies
die until i'm an asshole at 80
and last but not least, i love you too mathers, hailie
(chorus)
still wanna diss me
you mo'fuckin asshole u pissin here
ima stop talkin bout breasts
just now and then though cuz i still need to find the rest

_____
Buck Buck Buck ducky poo!?!?!?!?!?
Wanna see a chipmonk or moosechuck?
I DO!!!!!
but i am a littlle strange with horny toads coming,
out of my head!!!!!?!?
but i do, do you?
Do you have scissors?
Ya.....
Haha me to!!!!
but i can't see the light,
so hell the hell do you expect me to ride that camel?
maybe some other time you little froggy pie!!
That's my BooB yah know?
did you cuz i thought it was your face,
and if it was your face,
i would eat it!
So why the hell are you standing there for?
My teacher has breasts, the size of a elbow pluckers.
And my potato peeler has something to say about it eh???
Do you have scissors?
Ya.....
Haha me to!!!!
but i can't see the light,
so hell the hell do you expect me to ride that camel?
maybe some other time you little froggy pie!!
ohhhhh ya baby do you want to dance with me?
oh ya do you want to dance with me under the moonlight?
oochie mamma baby,
BITE ME WHORE!!!
Ring the phone...

_____
(feat. D12 & Obie Trice)
[Ja Rule]
Em you claim your mother's a crackhead and Kim is a known slut
So what's Hailie gonna be when she grows up
[Eminem - (Hailie Jade)]
Hahaaaa, Yeah, come on
G G G G G-Unit
Hailie (What)
Come here baby
Bring daddy his oscar (ok)
Were gonna shove it up Ja Rule's ass (hehehe)
[Swifty]
I'm about to get rid of some hoes it's simple
I put the Murder Inc with lead and I'm not talking about a pencil
Look at what the fuck you dun got into
I see you found your nitch you're just a bitch with a menstral
Claiming you a murderer and spelt it wrong
You put the "E" before the "D" because that's all you on
You on Pac's dick (bitch) you a replica guy if he were still alive you would never get by
All you do is cry bitch keep it real life is more than imitating niggas and eating pills
And what kind of mothafucker ruins 3 deals that another nigga got you they didn't see
skills
And I ain't playing your a brother getting cheated
And Ja Rule be praying on his cover cause he need it
And you niggas hating shut your mouths
It's just the real niggas ain't buying that shit you put out
[Obie]
Doe Rae Me but we don't sing motherfuckers
So Murda Inc do your thing motherfuckers
You unleased on a team who expects nothing less then RnB coming from that regime
Regime is a little extreme neck to neck with soldiers motherfucking marines
Ja sold his soul to sing we have witnessed teen on the TV screen chase the dream
Now that you embrace the green don't fuck with the triple beams
You's a muther fucking actor slash Pac impersonating rapper
Slash Billy Holiday how it happen
Artists with repituares saw him in action, Pac's assasination
Def jam grabbed him, told him reinact him you'll go platinum
They seen it for sure I know that Afeni Shakur don't enjoy Jeffrey Atkins
Reinacting her boy saw him click clacking his toy
Match and destroy Shady slash Aftermath in detroit motherfucker
[Eminem]
Doe Rae Me Fa So La Dee Da
Don't play me cause your washed up, lost your spot
Mama say mama sa Macosaca
Ja quit playing now get off your not Tupac
Doe Rae Me cause we're hot and you're not
Going at me is the only shot you got
Ja quit playing now get off your not Tupac
You can get popped after all that shit you talk
[Kon Artis]
Now we can skip past the mean mugs, get to the slugs
To grievence and the crying and intimate hugs
We don't take you serious nigga you shook,
You're half of a half-way crook nigga get off X dick go sing a hook nigga
And you can't replace the late great one and when your gone you'll only be the late fake
one
Nigga please stick the script before the guns stick to the clip
And Benzino you ain't shit but a bitch, fucking old ass ignorant innocent looking senior
citizen
Built up slap you like renisanse sicitive wait a minute hold on
Is it me or do we look like a banana with braids and clothes on
A bitch made man now how you gonna connect with them short ass arms like a Tyranasaurous
Rex
You niggas can scream, holla and curse and go ahead and respond
Pull that pen and pad up out of your purse
[Proof]
Slim set an impulse to get at the wanktas
He told me to let loose and spit at the ganstas
What up gotti were in this little war you pushed on
Put your ear to the drama for stucky and bush stones
What's wrong didn't think were strong with real niggas
Roll like a boss in the streets they still feel us
This real witness yall ain't caught the concept
You're talking non sense to walking bomb threats
Contacts were blown by Benzetta in the Source
Threatning at the boss you're gonna see me on your porch
Now Irv got the nerse to try serve on us
But Detroit niggas curve and they stirs to bust
[Kuniva]
Do I gotta get my nigga bugz, punks like you get beat up
Stomped unconscience and smacked with the heater
This rap cookie monster gets jabbed in the tonsils
With dicks so much that he should be fixed with a vagina
Who's behind ya Caddillac, Pac or that transvestite that dress like a Lil Kim Fox
Your just like a little wind box when I press tight on the trigger of this glock
That's right on the little shit you got left to help you eat
You not Pac's songs without laws will help you sleep
You got shot in your video trying to mock pac your "mock"avelli get your own identity
[Eminem]
Doe Rae Me Fa So La Dee Da
(Don't EVER say my lil girls name in a song again)
Don't play me cause your washed up, lost your spot
Mama say mama sa Macosaca
(Fucking punk pussy, BITCH!)
Ja quit playing now get off your not Tupac
Doe Rae Me cause we're hot and you're not
(Im'a fuck you up boy)
Going at me is the only shot you got
(Never again in your mother fucking life)
Ja quit playing now get off your not Tupac
(Gonna shoot the shit outa you little fucking midgits,
Hailie will whip your mother fucking asses)
You can get popped after all that shit you talk
[Obie Trice]
Yeah, that's right motherfuckers
Shady Records, what you know about
Fuck Benzino, fuck Ja Rule
Nigga, this is Obie Trice right here talkin to you mother fuckers
Ja Rule punk ass yeah
Fuck his soul for real ass
Nigga that's soul, that's the nigga from 'soul for real'
Candy rain ass nigga you got a deal now you rappin
You don't know us, faggot ass mother fuckers
Give money to all my real niggas
Obie Trice, D12, G-Unit, 50 Cent, Hailie Jade Hahahaha
[Hailie] Daddy is Ja Rule taller than me
[Eminem] No honey you guys are the same size

_____
[Ja Rule]
Em you claim your mother's a crackhead and Kim is a known slut
So what's Hailie gonna be when she grows up?
[Eminem - (Hailie Jade)]
Hahaaaa, Yeah, come on
G G G G G-Unit
Hailie (What??)
Come here baby
Bring daddy his oscar (ok)
Were gonna shove it up Ja Rule's ass (hehehe)
[Swifty]
I'm about to get rid of some hoes it's simple
I put the Murder Inc with lead and I'm not talking about a pencil
Look at what the fuck you dun got into
I see you found your nitch you're just a bitch with a menstral
Claiming you a murderer and spelt it wrong
You put the "E" before the "D" because that's all you on
You on Pac's dick (bitch) you a replica guy if he were still alive you would never get by
All you do is cry bitch keep it real life is more than imitating niggas and eating pills
And what kind of mothafucker ruins 3 deals that another nigga got you they didn't see
skills
And I ain't playing your a brother getting cheated
And Ja Rule be praying on his cover cause he need it
And you niggas hating shut your mouths
It's just the real niggas ain't buying that shit you put out
[Obie]
Doe Rae Me but we don't sing motherfuckers
So Murda Inc do your thing motherfuckers
You unleased on a team who expects nothing less then RnB coming from that regime
Regime is a little extreme neck to neck with soldiers motherfucking marines
Ja sold his soul to sing we have witnessed teen on the TV screen chase the dream
Now that you embrace the green don't fuck with the triple beams
You's a muther fucking actor slash Pac impersonating rapper
Slash Billy Holiday how it happen?
Artists with repituares saw him in action, Pac's assasination
Def jam grabbed him, told him reinact him you'll go platinum
They seen it for sure I know that Afeni Shakur don't enjoy Jeffrey Atkins
Reinacting her boy saw him click clacking his toy
Match and destroy Shady slash Aftermath in detroit motherfucker
[Eminem]
Doe Rae Me Fa So La Dee Da
Don't play me cause your washed up, lost your spot
Mama say mama sa Macosaca
Ja quit playing now get off your not Tupac
Doe Rae Me cause we're hot and you're not
Going at me is the only shot you got
Ja quit playing now get off your not Tupac
You can get popped after all that shit you talk
[Kon Artis]
Now we can skip past the mean mugs, get to the slugs
To grievence and the crying and intimate hugs
We don't take you serious nigga you shook,
You're half of a half-way crook nigga get off X dick go sing a hook nigga
And you can't replace the late great one and when your gone you'll only be the late fake
one
Nigga please stick the script before the guns stick to the clip
And Benzino you ain't shit but a bitch, fucking old ass ignorant innocent looking senior
citizen
Built up slap you like renisanse sicitive wait a minute hold on
Is it me or do we look like a banana with braids and clothes on
A bitch made man now how you gonna connect with them short ass arms like a Tyranasaurous
Rex
You niggas can scream, holla and curse and go ahead and respond
Pull that pen and pad up out of your purse
[Proof]
Slim set an impulse to get at the wanktas
He told me to let loose and spit at the ganstas
What up gotti were in this little war you pushed on
Put your ear to the drama for stucky and bush stones
What's wrong? didn't think were strong with real niggas
Roll like a boss in the streets they still feel us
This real witness yall ain't caught the concept
You're talking non sense to walking bomb threats
Contacts were blown by Benzetta in the Source
Threatning at the boss you're gonna see me on your porch
Now Irv got the nerse to try serve on us
But Detroit niggas curve and they stirs to bust
[Kuniva]
Do I gotta get my nigga bugz, punks like you get beat up
Stomped unconscience and smacked with the heater
This rap cookie monster gets jabbed in the tonsils
With dicks so much that he should be fixed with a vagina
Who's behind ya? Caddillac, Pac or that transvestite that dress like a Lil Kim Fox
Your just like a little wind box when I press tight on the trigger of this glock
That's right on the little shit you got left to help you eat
You not Pac's songs without laws will help you sleep
You got shot in your video trying to mock pac your "mock"avelli get your own identity
[Eminem]
Doe Rae Me Fa So La Dee Da
(Don't EVER say my lil girls name in a song again)
Don't play me cause your washed up, lost your spot
Mama say mama sa Macosaca
(Fucking punk pussy, BITCH!)
Ja quit playing now get off your not Tupac
Doe Rae Me cause we're hot and you're not
(Im'a fuck you up boy)
Going at me is the only shot you got
(Never again in your mother fucking life)
Ja quit playing now get off your not Tupac
(Gonna shoot the shit outa you little fucking midgits,
Hailie will whip your mother fucking asses)
You can get popped after all that shit you talk
[Obie Trice]
Yeah, that's right motherfuckers
Shady Records, what you know about?
Fuck Benzino, fuck Ja Rule
Nigga, this is Obie Trice right here talkin to you mother fuckers
Ja Rule punk ass yeah
Fuck his soul for real ass
Nigga that's soul, that's the nigga from 'soul for real'
Candy rain ass nigga you got a deal now you rappin
You don't know us, faggot ass mother fuckers
Give money to all my real niggas
Obie Trice, D12, G-Unit, 50 Cent, Hailie Jade Hahahaha
[Hailie] Daddy is Ja Rule taller than me?
[Eminem] No honey you guys are the same size

_____
[Xzibit]
Pssh, man I need a lighter man
[Eminem]
Right here
[Xzibit]
Yeahhh.. whassup Slim?
[Eminem]
What's crackin?
[Xzibit]
Hit this shit
[Eminem]
Ssshhit I almost hit this motherfucker today
[Xzibit]
Psh, is that right?
[Eminem]
What is it with motherfuckers thinkin that..
because we're in the spotlight or whatever that..
they can do or say whatever they want to us
and that we won't retaliate
[Xzibit]
Protect my motherfuckin self, by ANY
[Eminem & Xzibit]
MEANS, NECESSARY
[Eminem]
Right?
[Eminem]
Cause you don't know me, I don't know you
So don't approach me, I won't approach you
And don't insult me, I won't insult you
Cause you don't know what I will or I won't do
Cause you don't know me, I don't know you
So don't approach me, I won't approach you
And don't insult me, I won't insult you
Cause you don't know what I will or I won't do
[Xzibit]
Make no mistake, I'm the Golden State heavyweight
Bein underrated gave me time to create it
Can you relate? I renovate, straight out the gate
Carried my weight, but seem to receive nothin but hate
Millionaires snatchin crumbs off my little son plate
Kidnapped, locked in a trunk, get shot in the face
No hoes, no clothes, no one showin up for my shows
You know how it goes; I might as well kick it at home
But my baby momma hate my guts and can't stand me (yeah)
Packed up, moved out, started a new family
So all this strugglin for what, so I can blow up
marry a slut but can't watch my seed grow up?
FUCK THAT, this the fuckin thanks I get
for tryin to edutain assholes and feed my bitch
Yo I feel like my whole life is upside down (upside down)
cause you seein more support than I'm seein my child
It's like..
[Eminem]
.. everyday I wake up, another drama
It's a wonder I'm alive, survivin this karma
If I can hold on to my private life for five minutes longer
I might get my wife to let go of this knife and just calm her
without these cameras in our faces like animals
for your Channel 2 Action News to follow our ambulence up the avenue
and catch a glimpse of all the suicide attempts
and what we do in private since they won't let us put up a fence
And you wonder why I carry every gun under the sun
whether it's unloaded full or an un-registered one
No bullet, you're so full of shit
this clip is so full it'll spit if I don't pull it
And don't give me no bullshit I'm not in the mood
I just got in a feud in some parkin lot with a dude
over Kim and she just slit both of her wrists over the shit
Don't tell me bout the show business shit
I know what this is, bitch
[Eminem]
Cause you don't know me, I don't know you
So don't approach me, I won't approach you
And don't insult me, I won't insult you
Cause you don't know what I will or I won't do
Cause you don't know me, I don't know you
So don't approach me, I won't approach you
And don't insult me, I won't insult you
Cause you don't know what I will or I won't do
[Xzibit]
This ain't business, this is personal BITCH
You don't know Xzibit from shit, new school, class dismissed
I had a very FUCKED UP day, I'm needin this fit
Shuttin motherfuckers up like they pleadin the 5th
Yo Em it's time to get serious with it (yeah)
Time for everybody to feel it, similar to the egg in the skillet
This is your brain on drugs, Xzibit brain on thugs
Ain't no neighborhood that's big enough to bang on us
Ain't no love lost my niggaz, relax yo'self
I'm about to snatch it all and start spreadin the wealth
To my niggaz who never seen it I mean it when I holla
at the top of my lungs about my guns and my loved ones
Got, tons of ammo to crack your enamel
Changin your channel, you played like a fuckin piano
Ridin slow through Cali like I'm ridin a camel
Millionaire motherfuckers with their brains in their flannels
I feel like, Tony Soprano, who do I trust now?
Just hit me on my tele' nigga soon as I touch down
Spit lines to split spines just to get mine
Big behind bitches gettin dick to spit shine
Sniff lines of coke, that's the only shit that make you dope
Bitch-ass nigga that's droppin the soap
Get choked out and beat, put your head in a vise-grip
and turn til you motherfuckers tell me the right shit
[Eminem]
So do I gotta buy a whole block to myself
a front door with twelve locks
and have a bodyguard walk me out to my mailbox
and everytime somebody makes a threat, run and tell cops?
Fuck that, I protect myself with these twelve shots
and one in the chamber, gun in the waist
and one in the ankle, waitin for someone to come to my place
tryin to walk up and knock like these cocksuckers are not
gonna get a shotgun or a glock shoved in their face?
And it's a disgrace Hailey can't play with her toys
in the front yard without you drivin by honkin your horn
screamin some shit, leanin out your windows, beepin n shit
Or pullin up in my drive like I won't leap in your whip
And so these kids tell their friends and relatives where I live
so my address ends up on the internet again
So then, I do an interview with Spin, tellin them
that if someone comes to my crib, I'ma shove a gun in their ribs
And reporters, blow it out of proportion
"Oh, now he's pullin guns on his

_____
[spoken from Jagged edge]
Uh, I like it baby (yeah)
Uh, one time for the club (ye-eah)
Two time for my thugs, uh-huh
Three times for my ladies, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon (ooh, oh)
Uh, Nivea y'all.. JE y'all... (oooh)
Uh-uh, JE y'all
[Nivea]
It was hard to find a brotha that was down for me
So I'm tellin everybody let him be
Cause he's mine and I can't take no pigeons tryna take my baby
So I thought I had to let you know
Find someone that you can call your own
Cause now you're walkin in the danger zone
And if I touch you I'll be wrong
If you mess with my man, I'ma be the one to break it to ya
Got my girls, got my man, so find your own and leave mine alone
Don't mess with my man, I'ma be the one to break it to ya
Here's a little advice for you, find your own man
[Jagged Edge]
It was hard to find a girl that's really down for me
Seems like a lot of niggas tryin me
Cause they tryna take my baby, oh what the hell naw
So now you really better check yourself
Messin with my girl is bad for your health and
So you know you will be dealt with
Better find your own girl
If you mess with my girl, I'ma be the one to break it to ya
Got my niggas, got my girl, so find your own and leave mine alone
Don't mess with my girl, I'ma be the one to break it to ya
Here's a little advice for you, find your own girl
[Nivea]
Girl I'm warning you, if you want my man
You should just keep your hands to yourself, now-now
[Jagged Edge]
And playa I'm warning you, if you want my girl
I suggest that you look but don't touch, now-now
[Nivea] It was hard to find a brotha that was down for me, don't mess with my man
[Jagged Edge] It's hard to find a girl that's really down for me, don't mess with my girl
[Nivea] Hard to find a brotha that was down for me, don't mess with my man
[Jagged Edge] So hard to find a girl that's down for me, don't mess with my girl
[Nivea]
If you mess with my man, I'ma be the one to break it to ya
Got my girls, got my man, so find your own and leave mine alone
Don't mess with my man, I'ma be the one to break it to ya
Here's a little advice for you, find your own man
[Jagged Edge]
If you mess with my girl, I'ma be the one to break it to ya
Got my niggas, got my girl, so find your own and leave mine alone
Don't mess with my girl, I'ma be the one to break it to ya
Here's a little advice for you, find your own girl
[Nivea]
If you mess with my man, I'ma be the one to break it to ya
Got my girls, got my man, so find your own and leave mine alone
Don't mess with my man, I'ma be the one to break it to ya
Here's a little advice for you, find your own man
[Jagged Edge]
If you mess with my girl, I'ma be the one to break it to ya
Got my niggas, got my girl, so find your own and leave mine alone
Don't mess with my girl, I'ma be the one to break it to ya
Here's a little advice for you, find your own girl

_____
feat. Eminem, Lloyd Banks (G-Unit)
[50 Cent]
I need you to pray for me (and)
I need you to care for me (and)
I need you to want me to win
I need to know where I'm heading, 'cause I know where I've been
Flows, bones, crushin', it's nothin'
I come up with somethin'
Come through your strip, frontin', stuntin'
It's something you want, 745 chrome spinnin'
Haters hate that I'm winnin'
Man I've been hot from the beginnin'
Motherfuckers envy the kid, control your jealousy
'Cause I can't control my temper, I'm fittin' to catch a felony
Pistol in hand homie, I'm down to get it poppin'
Once I squeeze the first shot (gun shot), you know I ain't stoppin'
Till my clip is empty, I'm simply
Not that nigga you should try your luck with, or fuck with
Hollow-tip shells struck you with your bones broken, gun smokin', still locin'
what nigga, lay your ass down paramedics get you up feeling
[Chorus 2X: 50 Cent]
Right now I'm on the edge, so don't push me
I aim straight for your head, so don't push me
Fill your ass up with lead, so don't push me
I got somethin' for your ass, keep thinkin' I'm pussy
[Lloyd Banks]
I cross my bigger nigga, and I didn't cry
To young to understand, the consequences of a man
Livin' a lie, I gotta get that money
I'll be damned if I'm bummy
Gotta watch my back around these niggas
'Cause they frontin' 20 years, of watching my mama's tears
Got my heated, heavily weeded
Smoking that bomb, cause I need it
These niggas don't want me ballin', they want me buried
Thrown in the dirt, from shots flurry
Layin' your bugs under my shirt
I got plans to hop up in that Hummer
'Cause I'm a stunner, I sit back and wonder
When them angels, gonna call my number
Under my chest is a heart of a lion
I ain't lying, bounty killers got me flyin'
With my iron, high as a giant
I'm runnin' from nothin', my stomach is touchin'
What I'm clutchin', to give you more than a concussion, end of discussion
My blood is colder, so I'm bolder
And it's either soda, hood on my shoulder
Look in the mirror, I see a soldier
[Chorus 2X]
[Eminem]
These are my ideas
This is my sweat and tears
This is shit that I solved, with my balls, my ears
This is me, who's got to be
What you see on TV, what you hear on CD, what appears easy
Man these teenie boopers see me on these magazine covers
In these beanies and these rags, living fantasies
Frontin' like it's all fun and games, 'til they shot up bang
When you see your brains hang and you see we ain't playin'
Ain't sayin' we ain't layin' down at night and ain't prayin'
I bullied my way in this game, man I'm done playin'
Man I'm done sayin' that I'm done playin'
I'm a start layin' into these motherfuckering cocksuckers
There's no way I'm back down, like a god damn coward
I can't, how would I look as man, bowing to his knees
Like the mad cow disease, let somebody lash out at me
And not lash back out at 'em, please
Oh, whao, yo, ho, hold up, oh no, not me, not Marshall
You want to see Marshall? I'll show you Marshall
I try to show you art, but you just pick it apart
So I see I have to start, showing you fuckin' old farts,
A whole other side, I wanted to not show you
So you know you're not dealing with some fuckin' marshmallow, little soft yellow
Punk pussy, who's heart's Jello, 'cause
[Chorus 2X]

_____
Morning, Marshall." "Morning, doc."  "So we're discharging you today, how are you feeling?" "Anxious."  "Anxiety?"  "Well, anxious to get home, anxious to get back into the world. Nervous."  "Nervous? C'mon, Marshall, you're a big boy now. Sounding like a bit of a baby, you can do this. You found a sponsor yet?"
"Um, not yet. I mean, but when I get back"  "Well, if you find one, you find one. If you don't, you don't."  "Well, yeah, I mean I godda start going to meetings first and... Wait, what?"  "Well, you don't absolutely have to go to meetings and it's not like like a requirement that they fit into your schedule, we know you're a busy person."
"But I thought sobriety was the most important thing?"
"So what else are you thinking?"
"Um, well, I know I godda start practising the steps, and I mean learning them, and start being able to apply them."  "Steps?"
"Yeah, steps."  "There's a lot of them, aren't there?  "Well, twelve."
"Christ, I don't even know them all."  "Really?"
"Anything else?"  "Um, well, I mean the only other question I have was like, what do I do if I find myself in a situation where maybe somebody is drinking around me or something like that and I get tempted to?"
"Take a drink."  "What?"  "Take a drink and you know, take the edge off."
"Take the edge off? Man, if I ever take a drink I already know what that's gonna lead me to."  "What, you mean these?"
"Man, what the fuck! ?" "Marshall, what's the matter, darling? Having some doubts already? Marshall, you can't leave me, you'll never leave me, Marshall. We'll always be together, Marshall. Marshall... ? Marshall! ?  "No, no, no, no, NO!"

_____
(feat. Obie Trice)
Obie, yo', i'm sick, damn, you straight dog...
[CHORUS]
That's why I ain't got no time, for these games and stupid tricks, or these bitches on my dick,
that's how dudes be getting sick, that's how dicks be getting drips, falling victims to this
shit, from these bitches on our dicks, fucking chickens with no ribs, that's why I ain't got no
time...
[Obie Trice]
Yo', I woke up fucked up off the liquor I drunk, I had a bag of the skunk won in last nights
tunk, pussy residue was on my penis, Denise from the cleaners, fucked me good, you should of
seen this, big booty bitch, switch unbearable, french roll stylin', body like a stallion, sizin'
up the figure while my shit getting bigger, debatin' on a fuck or do I want to be her nigga,
caressin' this bitch, plus i'm checking out them tit's, sippin' on that fine shit I ain't used
to buyin', I gotta hit it from behind, it's mandatory, like takin' hoe's money, but that's
another story, for surely, the pussy on toast after we toast, her clothes fell like bishop in
juice, the womb beater, clean pussy eater, insertin' my jock in that spot hotter than the
hottest block, don't stop, the response I got when I was knockin' it, clock steady tickin',
kinky finger lickin', and can on, semen's at my tip when she moans, I gotta slow down before I
cum soon, and work that nigga, like a slave owner, when I dropped off my outfit, she knew I
wanted to bone her, she foamin' at the lips, the one between them hips, pubic hairs lookin' like
some sour cream dip, without the nacho, my dick hit the spot though, pussy tighter than
conditions of us black folks, we in the final stretch, the last part of sex, I bust a fat ass
nut, then I woke up next, like what the fuck is goin' on here, this bitch evaporated, pussy and
all, just picked up and vacated, now i'm frusturated cause my dick was unprotected, and Doctor
Wesley tellin' me I really got that shit...
[CHORUS]
[Eminem]
Now I don't wanna hit no woman, but this chick's got it comin', someone better get this bitch,
before she get's kicked in the stomach, and she's pregnant, but she's eggin' me on, beggin' me
to throw her off the steps of this porch, my only weapon is force and I don't wanna resort to
any violence of any sort, but what's she shovin' me for, doesn't she love me no more, wasn't she
huggin' me four minutes ago at the door, man, i'm this close to goin' toe-to-toe with this
whore, what would you do if she was tellin' you she wants a divorce, she's havin' another baby
in a month, and it's yours, and you find out it isn't cause this bitch has been visitin' someone
else, and suckin' his dick and kissin' you on the lips when you get back, to Michigan, now the
plot is thickenin' worse, cause you feel like you've been stickin' your fuckin' dick in a
hearse, so you paranoid at every little cold that you get, ever since they told you this shit,
you've been holdin' your dick, so you go to the clinic, sweatin' every minute you in it, then
the doctor comes out lookin' like Dennis the Menace, and it's obvious to everyone in the lobby
it's AIDS, he ain't even gotta call you in his office to say it, so you jet back home, cause you
gon' get that hoe, when you see her, you gon' bend her fuckin' neck back, yo', cause you love
her, you never would expect that blow, Obie told you the scoop, how could she stoop that low,
Jesus, I don't believe this, bitch works at the cleaners, bringin' me home diseases, swingin'
from Obie's penis, she's so deceivin', shit this hoe's a genius, she g'd us...
[CHORUS]
I'm busy, yeah, fuck these bitches, fuck 'em all, get money, Shady records, Obie Trice, Eminem,
motherfucker, new millenium shit, yeah, turn this shit off, turn this shit the fuck off...

_____
Obie, yo', i'm sick, damn, you straight dog...
[CHORUS]
That's why I ain't got no time, for these games and stupid tricks, or these bitches on my dick,
that's how dudes be getting sick, that's how dicks be getting drips, falling victims to this
shit, from these bitches on our dicks, fucking chickens with no ribs, that's why I ain't got no
time...
[Obie Trice]
Yo', I woke up fucked up off the liquor I drunk, I had a bag of the skunk won in last nights
tunk, pussy residue was on my penis, Denise from the cleaners, fucked me good, you should of
seen this, big booty bitch, switch unbearable, french roll stylin', body like a stallion, sizin'
up the figure while my shit getting bigger, debatin' on a fuck or do I want to be her nigga,
caressin' this bitch, plus i'm checking out them tit's, sippin' on that fine shit I ain't used
to buyin', I gotta hit it from behind, it's mandatory, like takin' hoe's money, but that's
another story, for surely, the pussy on toast after we toast, her clothes fell like bishop in
juice, the womb beater, clean pussy eater, insertin' my jock in that spot hotter than the
hottest block, don't stop, the response I got when I was knockin' it, clock steady tickin',
kinky finger lickin', and can on, semen's at my tip when she moans, I gotta slow down before I
cum soon, and work that nigga, like a slave owner, when I dropped off my outfit, she knew I
wanted to bone her, she foamin' at the lips, the one between them hips, pubic hairs lookin' like
some sour cream dip, without the nacho, my dick hit the spot though, pussy tighter than
conditions of us black folks, we in the final stretch, the last part of sex, I bust a fat ass
nut, then I woke up next, like what the fuck is goin' on here, this bitch evaporated, pussy and
all, just picked up and vacated, now i'm frusturated cause my dick was unprotected, and Doctor
Wesley tellin' me I really got that shit...
[CHORUS]
[Eminem]
Now I don't wanna hit no woman, but this chick's got it comin', someone better get this bitch,
before she get's kicked in the stomach, and she's pregnant, but she's eggin' me on, beggin' me
to throw her off the steps of this porch, my only weapon is force and I don't wanna resort to
any violence of any sort, but what's she shovin' me for, doesn't she love me no more, wasn't she
huggin' me four minutes ago at the door, man, i'm this close to goin' toe-to-toe with this
whore, what would you do if she was tellin' you she wants a divorce, she's havin' another baby
in a month, and it's yours, and you find out it isn't cause this bitch has been visitin' someone
else, and suckin' his dick and kissin' you on the lips when you get back, to Michigan, now the
plot is thickenin' worse, cause you feel like you've been stickin' your fuckin' dick in a
hearse, so you paranoid at every little cold that you get, ever since they told you this shit,
you've been holdin' your dick, so you go to the clinic, sweatin' every minute you in it, then
the doctor comes out lookin' like Dennis the Menace, and it's obvious to everyone in the lobby
it's AIDS, he ain't even gotta call you in his office to say it, so you jet back home, cause you
gon' get that hoe, when you see her, you gon' bend her fuckin' neck back, yo', cause you love
her, you never would expect that blow, Obie told you the scoop, how could she stoop that low,
Jesus, I don't believe this, bitch works at the cleaners, bringin' me home diseases, swingin'
from Obie's penis, she's so deceivin', shit this hoe's a genius, she g'd us...
[CHORUS]
I'm busy, yeah, fuck these bitches, fuck 'em all, get money, Shady records, Obie Trice, Eminem,
motherfucker, new millenium shit, yeah, turn this shit off, turn this shit the fuck off...

_____
girl:  yeah... whoooo...shit
hmmm, whoaaa, hmm ...
Guess what?
I ain't coming in yet, i'll come in in a minute
Aiyo, this is my love song. It goes like this....
Back when Mark Wallburg was marky mark
This is how we used to make the party start
We used to...mix hen with bacardi dark
and when it... kicks in you can hardly talk
and by the... sixth gin you gon probly crawl
and you'll be... sick then and you'll probly barf
and my pre-...diction is that you gon probably fall
either somewhere in the lobby or the hallway wall
and every-... things spinnin your beginning to
think women are swimmin in
pink linen again in the sink
then in a couple of minutes that bottle of guinness is finished
you are now allowed to officially slap bitches
you have the right to remain violent and start wildin
start a fight with the same guy that was smart eye'n ya
get in the car and start it and start drivin
over the island and cause a 42 car pile up
Earth calling, pilot to co-pilot, looking for life on this
planet sir, no sign of it
All i could see is a bunch of smoke flyin and
I'm so high that I might die if i go by it.
Let me out of this place I'm outta place,
I'm in in outter space, I've just
vanished without a trace.
I'm going to a pretty place now where the flowers grow,
I'll be back in an hour or so.
Cuz every time I go to try to leave (whoa-o-o)
someone keeps pullin on my sleeve (whoa-o-o)
I dont wanna but I gotta stay (whoa-o-o)
these drugs really gotta hold on me (whoa-o-o)
Cuz everytime I try ta tell 'em no (no-o-o)
they won't let me ever let 'em go (go-o-o)
I'm a sucker all I gotta say (whoa-o-o)
these drug's really gotta hold on me (whoa-o-o)
In third grade all I used to do, was sniff glue through a
tube and play rubixcube
Seventeen years later I'm as rude as jude
Schemein on the first chick with the hugest boobs
I got no game, and every face looks the same
they got no name, so i don't need game to play
I just say whatever I want, to whoever I want,
whenever i want, wherever I want, however I want
However I do show some respect to few
This ecstacy has got me standin next to you
Gettin sentimental as fuck, spillin guts to you
We just met, but I think I'm in love with you
But your on it too, so you tell me you love me too,
Wake up in the morning like  What the fuck we do?
I gotta go bitch, you know I got stuff to do, Cuz if
I get caught cheatin then I'm stuck with you
But in the long run these drugs are probably gonna
catch up sooner or later
But fuck it I'm on one, so let's enjoy,
let the ex destroy your spinal chord,
so it's not a straight line no more
So we walk around lookin like some wind-up dolls,
Shit stickin out of ourbacks like a dinosaur,
Shit, six hit's won't even get me high no more,
so bye for now, I'm gonna try
to find some more
Chorus
That's the sound of a bottle when it's hollow
when you swallow it all wallow and drown in your sorrow
And tomorrow your probably gonna wanna do it again
What's a little spinal fluid between you and a friend, screw it
and whats a little bit of alcohol poisoning? and whats a little fight,
tomorrow you'll be boys again
It's your life, live it however you wanna
Marajuana is everywhere, where was you brought up?
It don't matter as long as you get where you're goin
Cuz none of this shit's gonna mean shit where we're goin
They tell you to stop but you just sit there ignorin,
even though you wake upfeelin like shit every mornin.
But you're young, you got a lot of drugs to do,
girls to screw, parties tocrash, sucks to be you
If I could take it all back now I wouldn't,
I woulda did more shit thatpeople said that I shouldnt
But I'm all grown up now,
and upgraded and graduated to better drugs and
updated
But I still gotta a lot of growin up to do,
I still gotta whole lot ofthrowin up to spew
But when it's all said and done
i'll be forty before i know it wit a 40 on
the porch tellin stories
with a bottle of Jack, two grandkids on my lap,
babysitting for Hailie, while
Hailie's out gettin smashed.
Chorus x 2
drugs really gotta hold on me
really got a hold on me
drugs really gotta hold on me
they really got a hold on me

_____
Yea...(laughter)...whoooo...shit (a'ight) hmmm, whoaaa, hmm ...eeee
Guess what? eweee,
(I'm not coming in yet) dodoodo, (I'm coming in) in a minute
(Hey yo), ummmm, (a'ight), (this is my love song), (Hey Yo),
hey yeaaa, (aight), (It goes like this...), (a'ight)
Back when Mark Wallberg was marky mark
This is how we used to make the party start
We used to...mix in with bacardi dark
and when it... kicks in you can hardly talk
and by the... sixth gin you gon probly crawl
and you'll be... sick then and you'll probly barf
and my pre-...diction is that you gon probably fall
either somewhere in the lobby or the hallway wall
and every-... things spinnin your beginning to think women are swimmin in
pink linen and in the sink
then in a couple of minutes that bottle of guinness is finished
you are now allowed to officially slap bitches
you have the right to remain violent and start wildin
start a fight with the same guy that was smart eyein' you
get in the car and start it and start drivin
over the island and cause a 42 car pile up
Earth calling, pilot to co-pilot, looking for life on this planet sir,
no sign of it all i could see is a bunch of smoke flyin and I'm
so high that I might die if i go by it.
Let me out of this place I'm outta place, I'm in in outter space,
I've just vanished without a trace. I'm going to a pretty place
now where the flowers grow, I'll be back in an hour or so.
Hook:
Cuz every time I go to try to leave (whoa-o-o)
Something keeps pullin on my sleeve (whoa-o-o)
I dont wanna but I gotta stay (whoa-o-o)
these drugs really gotta hold of me (whoa-o-o)
Cuz everytime I try ta tell 'em no (no-o-o)
they won't let me ever let 'em go (go-o-o)
I'm a sucker all I gotta say (whoa-o-o)
is drug's really gotta hold of me
In third grade all I used to do, was sniff glue
through a tube and play rubix cube
Seventeen years later I'm as rude as Jude
Schemein on the first chick with the hugest boobs
I got no game, and every face looks the same
they got no name, so i don't need game to play
I just say whatever I want, to whoever I want,
whenever i want, wherever I want, however I want
However I do show some respect to few
This ecstacy has got me standin next to you
Gettin sentimental as fuck, spillin guts to you
We just met, but I think I'm in love wit you
But your on it too, so you tell me you love me too,
Wake up in the morning like "What the fuck we do?"
I gotta go bitch, you know I got stuff to do,
Cuz if I get caught cheatin then I'm stuck with you
But in the long run these drugs are probably gonna catch up sooner or later
But fuck it I'm on one, so let's enjoy,
let that X destroy your spinal chord, so it's not a straight line no more
So we walk around lookin like some wind-up dolls,
shit stickin out of our backs like a dinosaur,
Shit, six hit's won't even get me high no more,
so bye for now, I'm gonna try to find some more
Hook:
That's the sound of a bottle when it's hollow when you swallow it all
wallow and drown in your sorrow
And tomorrow your probably gonna wanna do it again
What's a little spinal fluid between you and a friend, screw it
and whats a little bit of alcohol poisoning? and whats a little fight,
tomorrow you'll be boys again
It's your life, live it however you wanna
Marajuana is everywhere, where was you brought up?
It don't matter as long as you get where you're goin
Cuz none of this shit's gonna mean shit where we're goin
They tell you to stop but you just sit there and yawn, even though you wake up
feelin like shit every mornin.
But your young, you got a lot of drugs to do, girls to screw,
parties to crash, sucks to be you
If I could take it all back now I wouldn't, I woulda did more shit that
people said that I shouldn't
But I'm all grown up now, and upgraded
and graduated to better drugs and updated
But I still gotta a lot of growin up to do,
I still gotta whole lot of throwin up to spew
But when it's all said and done i'll be 40
before I know it wit a 40 on the porch tellin stories
with a bottle of Jack, two grandkids on my lap,
babysitting for Hailey, while Hailey's out gettin smashed.
Hook 2x
Drugs really gotta hold of me
really got a hold of me
drugs really gotta hold of me
they really got a hold of me

_____
Leonie:
I cant keep listening 2 ur shit
thats why i change the dates, space it out
getting u and D.S 2 fuck
baby u know thats what im about
you and d-s, if u could only see thes (this)
boner i get when i think of u 2 me hands go str8 up me dress
so listen here u queer
i counsell u like a papsmear
im cold and brutal
fuck man i lost the plot
can ya touch me in my wooh-spot?
nah im only playin
u and ds belong 2gether
u hear what im sayin?
and the only reason i dont say it
when we're 1 on 1
cuz im afraid that u'll get jaded
and 2 lazy 2 make me come
ba-lumba-loo-loo-la
ba-lumba-loo-loo-la
ba-lumba-loo-loo-la
ba-lumba-loo-loo-la
now listen up slut
this aint about love
just a quick fuck
but all u wanna do is hug
n u say ur messed up
well bitch nigga guess what?
theres a party in ur pants and ur gonna call d.s up
that must mean its love
or something along those lines
maybe the timing's wrong
but soon u'll be 25
and wonder where ur life went
and all that time spent
was wasted cuz u couldnt face it
and she left u behind then
u turned all spastic
muthafucka i act it
but only cuz i love u dawg... man i feel like d.s. does
and all the staff sing this shit right here
and drink 1 too many non-alco light beers
now im talking shit again
next time i'll be diff-er-ent
this is the cd she baught u dawg
im going 2 get pissed again
chorus:
d.s. and c.b. should be together
no heart shall endeavour
dont u say ur own ur own
(ooh ooh ooh ooh)
X2
Leonie:
this ones 4 d.s.
2 blind 2 c et
u fuct things up cunt
now u might aswell fuck some1 from viet-
nam cuz look what u done
2 u and cb
now u wanna run
away from what u did and what u said
but u wanna take her wit u nigga is u fuct in the head?
Dopey-D:
cb  if i could only show u
the real me 2 be the 1 u go 2
not who u been seeing
baby let me **** u
i fell in love with the worst person possible
and cuz i cant have u i sent myself 2 the hospital
mental problems got me rappin gospel
shit id never talk about i think i lost it more than u
the day ull choose 2 leave me
itll rain constantly outside
in truth ill swear the rain 2 be
the tears in cupids eyez
d.s. and c.b. should be together
no heart shall endeavour
dont u say ur own ur own
(ooh ooh ooh ooh)
d.s. and c.b. should be together
no heart shall endeavour
dont u say ur own ur own
(ooh ooh ooh ooh)
d.s. and c.b. should be together
no heart shall endeavour
dont u say ur own ur own
(ooh ooh ooh ooh)
howd u ever find the e17 cds?
could i interest u in something from ur past too? maybe some BT's
what happened 2 the cshs dreams
fuck this shit im sick of the bullshit dreams about plants and
snakes and shit i cant remember
thats what she said.
d.s. and c.b. should be together
no heart shall endeavour
dont u say ur own ur own
(ooh ooh ooh ooh)
d.s. and c.b. should be together
no heart shall endeavour
dont u say ur own ur own
(ooh ooh ooh ooh)
d.s. and c.b. should be together
no heart shall endeavour
dont u say ur own ur own
(ooh ooh ooh ooh)
d.s. and c.b. should be together
no heart shall endeavour
dont u say ur own ur own
(ooh ooh ooh ooh)
d.s. and c.b. should be together
no heart shall endeavour
dont u say ur own ur own
(ooh ooh ooh ooh)
d.s. and c.b. should be together
no heart shall endeavour
dont u say ur own ur own
(ooh ooh ooh ooh)
d.s. and c.b. should be together
no heart shall endeavour
dont u say ur own ur own
(ooh ooh ooh ooh)
d.s. and c.b. should be together
no heart shall endeavour
dont u say ur own ur own
(ooh ooh ooh ooh)
d.s. and c.b. should be together
no heart shall endeavour
dont u say ur own ur own
(ooh ooh ooh ooh)
til then fuckoff.

_____
yo yo yo eminem or even dr dre i don't care who the fuk r they
its b rabbit on the mic
he stands on the stage rappin like sum dyke
wavin his hands in the air
like he jus dnt care
hes jus sum ugly fuk wiv blonde hair
he thinks its fun to wear earing n a half a hat
but really he stands on stage lookin like sum drown rat
fukin faggot i think hes gay
he dnt like 2 fuk n e ho's
hes jus next door fukin around wiv paul n that kid ray

_____
ya ya a fung min chung
i got ya..... in tha bum
dont test me mr "little testies"
or ill shove a fork up ya fuckhole where ya nest beez
so ladi di ladi da
c-biarch and her 12a bra
dont make fu of dopey-d
cuz ima a 12d...take off ya O P B
(octopus phake bra)
goodnite.

_____
What we have to do is deal with it when these individuals are young enough. If you wish to be
saved, not in a religious sense but not to constitute what this country at times calls if or
which over. We seem to be approaching an age of the gross. We all have this idea that we should
move up from our parents station and each generation should do a little bit better.
[Verse 1- Eminem]
Come on, let's cut the bullshit enough
Let's get it started, let's start addressing this issue and open it up
Let's take this shit back to basement
And we can discuss statements thats made on this tape
And its whole origin of the music that we all know and love
The music that we all enjoy the music you all accuse me of tryna destroy
Let's rewind it to 89 when I was a boy on the east side of Detroit
Crossing 8 Mile into Warren, into hick territory
I'd like to share a story, this is my story and cant no body tell it for me
You will well inform me, I am well aware that I don't belong here
You've made that perfectly clear, I get my ass kicked damn near everywhere
From Bel-Air shopping center just for stopping in there
From the black side all the way to the white side
OK there's a bright side a day that I might slide
You may call it a past I call it hauling my ass
Through that patch of grass over them railroad tracks
Oh them railroad tracks, them old railroad tracks
Them good old notorious oh well known tracks
[Chorus x2]
So lets go back
Follow the yellow brick road as we go on another episode
Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place
I once used to call home sweet home
[Verse 2- Eminem]
I roam the streets so much they call me a drifter
Sometimes I stick up a thumb just to hitch hike
Just to get picked up to get me a lift to 8 mile and Van Dyke
And steal a god damn bike from somebody's backyard
And drop it off at the park that was the half way mark
To meet Kim had to walk back to her mama's on Chalmers after dark
To sneak me in the house when I'm kicked out my mom's
Thats about the time I first met Proof with Goofy Gary on the steps
At Osbourne handing out some flyers, he was doing some talent shows
At Centerline High, I had told him to stop by and check this out sometime
He looked at me like I'm out my mind shook his head like white boys don't know how to rhyme
I spit out a line and rhymed birthday with first place
And we both had the same rhymes that sound alike
We was on the same shit that Big Daddy Kane shit with compound syllables sound combined
From that day we was down to ride somehow we knew we'd meet again somewhere down the line
[Chorus x2]
So lets go back
Follow the yellow brick road as we go on another episode
Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place
I once used to call home sweet home
[Verse 3- Eminem]
My first year in 9th grade, can't forget that day at school
It was cool till your man MC Shan came through
And said that Puma's The Brand 'cause the clan makes troops
It was rumors but man, god damn, they flew
Must've been true because man we done banned they shoes
I had the new ones the Cool J, Ice land swayed too
And we just through them in the trash like they yesterday's news
Guess who came through next, X-clan debut
Professor X vanglorious exists in a state of red, black, and green
With a key sissies now with this being a new trend
We don't fit in crackers is out with Cactus albums
Blackness is in, African symbols and medallions
Represents black power and we ain't know what it meant
Me and my man Howard and Butter, we would go to the mall with 'em
All over our necks like we're showing 'em off not knowing at all
We was being laughed at you ain't even half black
You ain't supposed to have that homie let me grab that
And that Flavor Flave clock we gonna have to snatch that
All I remember is meeting back at Manix's basement
saying how we hate this, how racist but dope the x clan's tape is...
Which reminds me back in 89 me and Kim broke up for the first time
She was tryna two time me and there was this black girl
At our school who thought I was cool cause I rapped so she was kinda eyeing me
And oh the irony guess what her name was ain't even gonna say it plus
The same color hair as hers was and blue contacts and a pair of jugs
The bombest god damn girl in our whole school if I could pull it
Not only would I become more popular but I would be able to piss Kim off at the same time
But it backfired I was supposed to dump her but she dumped me for this black guy
And thats the last I ever seen or heard or spoke to the oh foolish pride girl
But I've heard people say they heard the tape and it ain't that bad
But it was I singled out a whole race and for that apologize
I was wrong cause no matter what color a girl is she's still a hoe

_____
("It's okay, it's okay. I'm gonna make it anyway.)
Sometimes I just feel like
Quittin I still might
Why do I put up this fight?
Why do I still write?
Sometimes it's hard enough steal from the real life
Sometimes I wanna jump on stage and just kill mics
And show these people what my level of skill's like
But I'm still white
Sometimes I just hate life
Somethin ain't right
Hit the breaklights
In case of the stage fright
Draw on the blank light
(Uhh, But if I fall, It ain't my fault, Breakin eyeballs, My insides crawl)
And I clam up (SMASH!)
I just slam shut
I just can't do it
My whole manhood's just been stripped
I've just been ripped
So I must been dipped
Or the bustin split
Man fuck this shit yo
I'm goin the fuck home
Rollin my shoulders as I run back to this 8 Mile Rd.
(Chorus)
I'm a man
I'm a make a new plan
Time for me to stand up and travel new land
Time for me to just to take matters into my own hands
Once I'm over these tracks man
I'm a never look back
(8 Mile Rd.)
And I'm gone
I don't like where I'm goin
Sorry mama I've grown
I must travel alone
Ain't no followin no footsteps
I'm makin my own
Only way I know how to escape from this 8 Mile Rd.
Walkin these traintracks
Tryin to regain back the spirit I have
'Fore I go back to the same crap (SMASH!)
To the same plant
And the same pants
Tryin to chase rap
Gotta move A.S.A.P.
Get a new plan
Mama's got a new man
Poor little baby sister
She don't understand
Sits in front of the TV, bury's her nose in the pad
And just colors until the crayon gets dull in her hand
While she colors her big brother, her mother, and dad
Ain't no tellin what really goes on in her little head
Wish I could be the daddy that neither one of us had
But I keep runnin from somethin I never wanted so bad
Sometimes I get upset
Cuz I ain't blew up yet
It's like I grew up, but I aint grownin two nuts yet
Don't gotta rap my step
Don't got enough pep
The pressure's too much man
I'm just tryin to do what's best
And I try
Sit alone and I cry
Yo I won't tell a lie
Not a moment goes by
That I don't pray to the sky
Please I'm beggin you God
Please don't let me be pigeon holdin on regular job
Yo I hope you can hear me hommie
Wherever you are
Yo I'm tellin you dog
I'm bailin this trailor tomorrow
Tell my mother I love her
Kiss baby sister goodbye
Say whenever you need me baby
I'm never too far
But yo, I gotta get out there
The only way I know
And I'm going to be back for you
On the second that I blow
On everything I own
I'll make it on my own
Off to work I go
Back to this 8 Mile Rd.
(Chorus)
Ya gotta live it to feel it
If you didn't you wouldn't get it
We'll see what the big deal is
Why it wasn't, it still is
To be walkin this border line of Detroit city's limit
It's different, it's a certain significant certificate of authenticity
You'd never even see
But it's everything to me
It's my credibility
You've never seen, heard, smell, or met an MC
Who's incredible and on the same pedistool as me
But check
Still unsigned
Havin a rough time
Sit on the porch with all my friend's who kick dumb rhymes
Go to work
And servin MC's in the lunch line
But when it come's crunch time
Where do my punch lines go?
Who must I show?
To bust my flow?
Where must I go?
Who must I know?
Or am I just another crab in the bucket
Cuz I ain't havin no luck with this little rabbit so fuck it
Maybe I need a new outlit
I'm startin to doubt shit
I'm feelin a little scepticle
Of who I hang out with
I look like a bum
Yo my clothes ain't about shit
At the Salvation Army
Tryin to salvage and outfit
And it's cold
Tryin to travel this road
Plus I feel like I'm only stuck in this battlin mode
My defenses are so up
And one thing I don't want
Is pity from no one
The city is no fun
There is no sun
And it's so dark
Sometimes I feel like I'm just being pulled apart
Being torn in my limbs
By each one of my friends
Enough to just make me wanna jump outta my skin
Sometimes I feel like a robot
Sometimes I just know not what I'm doin
I just blow
My head is a stove top
I just explode
The kettle gets so hot
Sometimes my mouth just overloads the acid I don't got
But I've learned
It's time for me to U-Turn
Yo it only takes one time for me to get burnt
Ain't no fallin
No next time
I meet a new girl
I can no longer play stupid
Or be immature
I've got every ingredient
All I need is the courage
Like I already got to beat
All I need is the words
Got the urge
Suddenly its a search
Suddenly a new verse of energy has occured
Time to show these free world leaders
Three in the third
I am no longer scared now
I'm free as a bird
And I turn and cross over
The median curb
Hit the burbs and all you see is a blur on 8 mile rd.
(Chorus)

_____
cancion:El rasismo
by:Elison Perez
musica:DJ Baron
el rasismo discrimina a todas la
gente y esa  gente se cren  que son
balientessssss jajaja
mira nino blanco deja el rasismo
porque esa baina no te lleba a nigun
sitios dejas de distingir a todos los
latinos ni tan pocon a los chiquito
oyste oyste oyste  depues no me
benga con tus chiste te le buelbo
a desir no me benga con tu chiste,
no me traigas chiste, no me diga
chiste porque eso chiste me pone
pegajosos como un chicles porque
algunas beses  me pongo triste cuando
pienso de mi abuela pienso que el
limbo esta en la extrella y me aburres
y no me discute porque me  disen el
baron y eres tu  cabron y
coros:te tiro te canto y te buelbo a
tira por porque yo sea dominicano
no me venga a discriminar discriminar,
discriminar,discriminar y pan pan te
buelbo a tira y te buelbo a cantar porque
yo soy el baron y te bengo a caba y no
me benga a discriminar y cuidados
sime mira mal porque el rasismo no
no bas a caba es  y el rasismo es lo
destrullea la gente, mi tierra toda la
gentes estan danada negros,blanquito,
negrito.chiquito,gordito todos somos
hermano y yo
coros:te tiro te canto y te buelbo a tira por porque
yo se dominicano ne me venga a discrimina y mira
nino blancon por favor no discrimine a nadies por
su colooor ellos son higuales y son como nosotros y
nadies es mejor y te tiro te canto y te buelbo
a tira por porque yo te tire no me benga a discriminar

_____
Aye yo Paul, It's Em
I got your call about the Michael Jackson thing
And I know that he's not 'thrilled' about the video
What does he 'wanna be startin' somethin'?'
Well I'll show him who's really 'bad'
Paul, 'the way you make me feel' with these calls
You should really take a look at the 'man in the mirror'
And tell him to 'beat it' because I 'won't stop till I get enough'
Do you 'remember the time' we were watching the 'Billy Jean' video?
Well he'll always be that Michael to me
And it doesn't matter if he's 'black or white'
Because I 'can't stop loving him' and I hate plastic surgeons
And I hope they all fucking die!
How do you like that?
And I like him, I like him a lot
I want to touch him but I can't
Excuse me, I'm taking a shit
Sorry
Anyways, call me back
I have this idea about how I want to end the show
So, hit me when you get this message fucker
Oh, and by the way
No I don't have a new gun [click] (goddamn it)

_____
*after shoutouts and talking*
[Eminem]
Peace to Thirstin Howl, A.L. and Wordsworth
My mother smoked crack, I had a premature birth
I'm just a nerd cursed, wit badly disturbed nerves
Who wanna be the one to step up and get served first?
Ninety-nine percent of aliens prefer earth
So I'm here to rule the planet, startin wit your turf
I hid a secret message inside of a wordsearch
Wit smeard letters, runnin together in blurred spurts
I hang wit male chauvinist pigs and perverts
Who point water pistols at women and squirt shirts
Been a bad boy since diapers and Gerber's
My first words were "Bleep bleep" and "Curse curse"
Never had ish, and I still don't deserve dirt
My breath still stinks and I'm on my third Certs
Yankin out my stitches, hollering "Nurse nurse!"
"You said this shot would numb it, trick it just hurts worse!"
Grew up in a dump next door to a burnt church
But gunshots drowned out crickets and bird chirps
And it's like that, and it's like that
[Evidence]
Got no apathy
Yo I Platform my strategy, mix words in alchemy
Evidence, I won't get caught shot on the balcony
Between you and I, I'll tell you here's the diff
Gun to your head, you're dead, pointblank I shapeshift
That's right, to dear/deer, anelope, or owl
In life, use your potential, or Steve Howe
I'm about to call it quits, yo too much weight'll break your rack mount
The man'll make you move, yo so make your move a backout
You say I use my name too much as a clutch
Try holdin on to beat instead of pushin on your crutch
Flipped it backwards, Evidence attack nerds off the head
Steadfast, right or left, don't matter see you comin
Deaf/Def like Leppards, pop the piece, I be the sheppard
Causin the herd, the name is Ev absurd
Verbs get flipped, it's like this, yo acronyms and all that
Methaphor imagery, you claimin metaphors and spittin similies
Not havin It, the name is Evidence
Like Pos. K gibbin the life thinkin of stabbin it
Skills prevail you possess, take no offense
But don't profess lies within your mind, tempt and stress
[Iriscience]
It's like uh-oh-oh
It's Dilated Peoples on the Wake Up Show-uh-oh
We kick a lick or some for the radio-uh-oh
Yo CaTashTrophic like Rico *fades out*

_____
[Announcer]
Welcome back, to the stage of history
[Eminem]
Yo.. Slim Shady!
Yo.. I'll fuckin.. I'll..
I'll puke, eat it, and freak you (eww)
Battle? I'm too weeded to speak to
The only key that I see to defeat you
would be for me to remove these two Adidas and beat you
and force feed you 'em both, and on each feet is a cleat shoe
I'll lift you off your feet so fast with a roundhouse
you'll think I pulled the fuckin ground out from underneath you
(Bitch!) I ain't no fuckin G, I'm a cannibal
I ain't tryin to shoot you,
I'm tryin to chop you into pieces and eat you
Wrap you in rope and plastic, stab you with broken glass
and have you with open gashes strapped to a soakin mattress
Coke and acid, black magic, cloaks and daggers (ahhh!)
Fuck the planet, until it spins on a broken axis
I'm so bananas I'm showin up to your open casket
to fill it full of explosive gasses
and close it back with a lit match in it
while I sit back and just hope it catches
Blow you to fragments
Laugh, roll you and smoke the ashes
[Chorus: J-Black (repeat 2X)]
I see the light at the end
But every time I take a step, it gets dim
Tell me is this hell we're livin in?
If so, heaven's got to be better
But if we're hellbound, whatever, let's go down
[J-Black]
Am I the worst? Because I, never go to church (never)
I run a red light then sideswipe a hearse
I'ma drink 'til my liver rot, see the doc
Leave the E.R., then hit a bar for a liquor shot, 'til the liver spot
One day we all gon' die
But when I die, I'ma be so high
that I'ma get up and walk, leavin the concrete bare
with the chalk outline still there
I smoke 'til I choke and I sex a lot
I got a cross on my chain but it's just a rock
Now if I pray everynight (night)
Do I still have to hold my trey very tight?
You feel me God? I done did so much shit while on Earth
I smoke, I drink, I curse, and to make matters worse
I bust my gun first, and then I chat with your corpse
Since way back, I was one to never like back-talk
See me at the pearly gates in line, wearin a Nordface
Nickle nine at my waist, God done lost faith
Angels greet me but I don't reply back
Just show me to my quarters, and oh yeah, where's Thai at?
[Chorus 1/2]
[Announcer]
Maxie was seriously wounded but the soul still burns
Final battle, fight!
[Masta Ace]
Analyze the strength of my game, like Lee Corso
Call me a lost soul, with a vest on my torso
And of course, yo, y'all know I'm no stranger to danger
Like Christ in a manger, feel a whole range of my anger
I breathe down shit so hard you can see sound
And beat down these rap clowns in like three rounds
My pen 'bout as sharp as a dagger, walk with a swagger
Tie your wife to the back of a black Jag and I drag her
Ten blocks, untie the bitch and I still bag her
Give her a smack in the ass and a six pack of lager
My shit go as deep and as dark as a train tunnel
My flows spill like usin the wrong end of a funnel
Everyday I grow more older, and more colder
Fly you to Colorado, roll you over with a Boulder
I know you want to retaliate but you won't dare
Cause you fuckin with some niggaz like this who just don't care
[Chorus]
[J-Black]
But every time I take a step, it gets dim..
Tell me is this hell we're livin in?
Haha..
[Announcer]
Time's up!
You lose!

_____
Eminem:
When I do pop pills I keep my tube socks filled.
And pop the same shit that got 2Pac killed.
Spit games to these hoes like a soap opera episode
Then punch a bitch in the nose 'till the whole face explodes
There's three things I hate: girls, women and bitches.
I'm that viscious to walk up and dropkick midgets
They call me boogie night, ??? that walks awkward
Stick figure, with a dick bigger than Mark Walberg
Comin' thru the outpours, sluggigh, walkin' on crutches
And hit a fuckin' pregnant bitch in the stomach with luggage
It's like a dream I can't back out, I'm back out, I'm back out
Lookin' for somebody up to beat the crap out
I'm bringin' you rap singers two middle fingers
But if you walked to France they'd translate it to english
Then I'mon vanish from the face of this planet,
Then come back speakin' so much spanish, Pun can't even understand it
Ya heard?
[screaming and yelling in the background from the crowd]

_____
[Lotto]
I'll spit a racial slur, honky, sue me!
This shit is a horror flick,
but the black guy doesn't die in this movie!
Fuckin' wit Lotto, dawg, you gotta be kiddin!
That makes me believe you really dont have a interest in livin!
You think these niggas gonna feel the shit you say?
I got a betta chance joining the KKK.
On some real shit, though, I like you
That's why I didn't wanna have to be the one you commit sucide to
Fuck 'Lotto,' call me your leader
I feel bad I gotta murder that dude from  Leave It To Beaver
I used to like that show, now you got me to  fight back  mode
But oh well, if you gotta go, then you gotta go!
I hate to do this, I would love for this to last
So I'll take pictures of my rear end so you won't forget my ass
And all's well that ends ok
So I'll end this shit wit a  FUCK you, but have a nice day!
(Eminem)
Ward, I think you were a little hard on the Beaver
So was Eddie Haskal, Wally, and Ms. Cleaver
This guy keeps screamin', he's paranoid!
Quick, someone get his ass another steriod!
Blahbity bloo blah blah blahbity bloo blah!
I ain't hear a word you said,  hipidy hooblah!
Is that a tank top, or a new bra?
Look, Snoop Dogg just got a fuckin' boob job!
Didn't you listen to the last round, meat head?
Pay attention, you're sayin the same shit that he said!
Matter fact, dog, here's a pencil
Go home, write some shit, make it suspenseful,
And don't come back until something dope hits you
Fuck it! You can take the mike home with you!
Lookin' like a cyclone hit you,
Tank top screamin',  Lotto, I don't fit you!
You see how far those white jokes get you
Boy's like  How Vanilla Ice gon' diss you?
My motto: Fuck Lotto!
I get the 7 digits from your mother for a dolla tomorrow!

_____
(Lotto)
We rollin muthafuckaz
What's goin on baby?
Yo, it's time to get rid of this coward right here once and for all
Sick of this muthafucka
Check this shit out (Rip it Lotto rip it baby it, yeah)
Huhhh, huhhh
Yo
I'll spit a racial slur, honkey sue me
This shit is a horror flick, but a black guy doesn't die in this movie
Fuckin wit Lotto dog you got to be kiddin
That makes me believe you really don't have an interest in livin
You think these niggas gone feel the shit you say?
I got a better chance joinin the KKK
On some real shit though, I like you
That's why I didn't wanna have to be the one you commit suicide to
Fuck Lotto? Call me a leada
I feel bad that I gotta murder that dude from Leave It To Beaver
I used to like that show
Now you got me in fight-back mode
But oh well if you gotta go then you gotta go
I hate to do this
I would love for this shit to last so I'll take pictures of my rear end so you won't forget my ass
And all's well that ends ok
So I'll end this shit wit a fuck you, but have a nice day
(Crowd cheers)
(Rabbit)
Ward
I think you were a little hard on the Beaver
So was Eddie Haskal
Wally and Ms. Cleaver
This guy keeps screamin, he's paranoid!
Quick, someone get his ass another steroid!
Blabbedy bloom blah blum blabbedy bloo blah
I ain't hear a word you said
Humitit hupla
Is that a tank top, or a new bra?
Look Snoop Dogg just got a fuckin boot job
Did you listen to the last round Meathead
Pay attention your sayin the same shit that he said (I'ma fuck you up)
Matta fact dog, here's a pencil
Go home write some shit, make it suspenseful
And don't come back until somethin dope hits you
Fuck it, you can take the Mic home wich you
Lookin like a cyclone hit you
Tanktop screamin Lotto "I don't fit you"
You see how far them white jokes gets you
Boys like, how Vanilla Ice gone diss you?
My motto
Fuck Lotto
I'll get the 7 digits from your mother for a dollar tomorrow
(Crowd cheers)

_____
[Verse 1- Obie Trice]
Obie the person who came up inverted
Cause of nervousness, that was soley the only verdict
It was worth it cause he changed, became so observant
Certain such of a purpose, if you knew him earlier
From the days its like a different version
So much hurtin' and pain, gave him game for certain
That's why its curtains and its murder if you get him worked up
I'm so assertive on these mothafuckas actin' tougher
Had enough of isolatin' myself in the room
Writin' poems and songs doin' the same at school
Now look what he became a fool
Cause he learned how to sustain his two
And noctain fame from you
Livin' hard but still Julliard, a God walks
And ain't spent a day in the pew
Reguardless of this, I draw visuals pictures when a ***** vents
So welcome to the art department
[Verse 2- Eminem]
I stimulate the brain, mimic emulate the sane
Cynics keep on thinkin' its a fuckin' gimmick when it ain't
Clinically insane, brain is on Venus, suck Uranus
Label me a genius, if you ever seen us you would say
He may seem as though he's plain normal
If you ever meet him, greet with a shake
See he ain't as mean as what they say
See the thing is maybe he can't always think of things to say
So he's vague, so they mistake for just being crazed
You part ways, your impression will have changed
You don't think he's strange, you'll turn around and tell him peace and thanks
And catch him flippin' you off with his pants off, hands around his scrotum
Tuckin' his fuckin' penis between his legs

_____
(feat. Dr. Dre, 50 Cent)
[50 Cent]
Sh-sh-sh-shady
Aftermath, haha
G-G-G-G-G-Unit!, haha
[Chorus]
First we came here to set this party off right
Let's bounce tonight
And if they don't let us in through the front
We'll come through the side
Cuz i don't ever wanna leave the game without
At least saying goodbye
So all my people on the left, all my people on the right
Scream one last time
[Eminem]
Get your ass up for the doctor
One more time, get your ass up for the doctor
Come on now, here we go
Cliff hanger, it's another club banger
Got you hangin' on the edge of your seat
Get on down
[Dr. Dre]
Times up, games over, you lose, I win
'bout to show these knuckleheads how to do this here
Ooh yeah, new year, next phase, begin
Look who's got you goin' crazy again
I'm a trend, I set one every time I'm in
I go out and just come back full circle again
You a fad, that means your something that we already had
But once you're gone, you don't come back, too bad
[Eminem]
You're off the map now, radar can't even find you
We stay on the grind, you slip, we out-grind you
You walk around mad, you let your anger blind you
We walk around just playin' the violin behind you
Enough with all the pissin' and moanin', whinin' and bitchin'
Sit and observe, listen, you'll learn if you pay attention
Why ten multi-platinum albums later, three diamond
World-wide, we're on the charts with a bullet and still climbin'
[Chorus]
[Eminem]
When dr. dre say crunk, you will get it crunk, get it crunk
Crunk, crunk, crunk
And when 50 cent says jump, you get on what and jump
Jump, jump, jump, jump
[Dr. Dre]
The buzz is tremendous, we drop you all to sense it
I don't gotta promote it for you to know that doc is off the benches
[Eminem]
We keep the party rockin' off the henges
We ain't showin' off, we just goin' off popular consensus
[Dr. Dre]
But critics say that Doc is soft, Doc is talk
Doc is all washed up, knock it off
Who the fuck is Doc impressin'?
Doc is this, Doc is that, you got the wrong impression
You must be on the cock of Doc, cuz Doc left you all guessin'
So DJ take the needle and just drop it on the record (what)
We gon' have this mutherfucker hoppin' in a second (bump bump)
That's why we always save the best cut last
To make you scratch and itch for it like fresh cut grass
[Eminem]
Cuz we done swam with the sharks, wrestle with alligators
Spoke to a generation of angry teenagers
Whom if it wasn't for rap to bridge the gap
Maybe raised to be racist
Who may have never got to see our faces
Grace the cover of Rolling Stone pages
Broke down barriers of language and races
Just call on the cape crusaders
And leave it to me and Dre to pass the mic
And we can play the back and forth all day
Like the hot potato game, thats why we came to
[Chorus]
[Eminem]
50 cent, come on!
[50 Cent]
Bounce now, hands up, you know how we do
We make the club jump everywhere we go
It's no secret, everybody know
When Dre's involved, there's plenty money involved
[Dr. Dre]
And plenty honey's involved, the sunny Sunday's and palm trees
Cali, everyday it's just another party from the valley's
All the way to them 8 Mile alleys, let's rally
[Eminem]
Hands up for the grand finale
Now raise up out your seat, Dre is about to speak
Blaze a pound of weed six days up out the week
[Dr. Dre]
You could catch me in the studio bangin' out the beats to
Provide you with the heat that keep blazin' out your speaker
[Eminem]
So nervous, ain't never cuz Shady Aftermath together
Along with G-Unit Records presents the return of the-the Doc (and Shady)
No one could do it better
We tear the club up and leave without a strand of evidence and uh
[Chorus]
[Eminem]
Yeah, haha
Still Aftermath, 2006
And don't worry about that Detox album
It's comin', we gonna make Dre do it, haha
50 cent, G-unit, Obie Trice, D-twizzy, Stat Quo, Dr. Dre
We ain't leavin', let's go! haha
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you all for comin' out, peace!
Oh shit, I almost forgot
You're comin' with me [gun shots]
Haha, bye bye!
See you in hell, fuckers.

_____
[50 cent]
Sh-sh-sh-shady
Aftermath, haha
G-G-G-G-G-Unit!, haha
[Chorus]
Cuz we came here to set this party off right
Let's bounce tonight
And if they don't let us in through the front
We'll come through the side
Cuz i don't ever wanna leave the game without
At least saying goodbye
So all my people on the left, all my people on the right
Swing one last time
[Eminem]
Get your ass up for the doctor
One more time, get your ass up for the doctor
Come on now, here we go
Cliff hanger, it's another club banger
Got you hangin' on the edge of your seat
Get on down
[Dr. Dre]
Times up, games over, you lose, I win
'bout to show these knuckleheads how to do this here
Ooh yeah, new year, next phase, begin
Look who's got you goin' crazy again
I'm a trend, I set one every time I'm in
I go out and just come back full circle again
You a fad, that means your something that we already had
But once you're gone, you don't come back, too bad
[Eminem]
You're off the map now, radar can't even find you
We stay on the grind, you slip, we out-grind you
You walk around mad, you let your anger blind you
We walk around just playin' the violin behind you
Enough with all the pissin' and moanin', whinin' and bitchin'
Sit and observe, listen, you'll learn if you pay attention
Why ten multi-platinum albums later, three diamond
World-wide, we're on the charts with a bullet and still climbin'
[Chorus]
[Eminem]
When dr. dre say crunk, you will get it crunk, get it crunk
Crunk, crunk, crunk
And when 50 cent says jump, you get on one foot and jump
Jump, jump, jump, jump
[Dr. Dre]
The buzz is tremendous, we drop you all to sense it
I don't gotta promote it for you to know that doc is off the benches
[Eminem]
We keep the party rockin' off the henges
We ain't showin' off, we just goin' off popular consensus
[Dr. Dre]
But critics say that Doc is soft, Doc is talk
Doc is all washed up, knock it off
Who the fuck is Doc impressin'?
Doc is this, Doc is that, you got the wrong impression
You must be on the cock of Doc, cuz Doc left you all guessin'
So DJ take the needle and just drop it on the record (what)
We gon' have this mutherfucker hoppin' in a second (bump bump)
That's why we always save the best cut last
To make you scratch and itch for it like fresh cut grass
[Eminem]
Cuz we done swam with the sharks, wrestle with alligators
Spoke to a generation of angry teenagers
Whom if it wasn't for rap to bridge the gap
Maybe raised to be racist
Who may have never got to see our faces
Grace the cover of Rolling Stone pages
Broke down barriers of language and races
Just call on the cape crusaders
And leave it to me and Dre to pass the mic
And we can play the back and forth all day
Like the hot potato game, thats why we came to
[Chorus]
[Eminem]
50 cent, come on!
[50 Cent]
Bounce now, hands up, you know how we do
We make the club jump everywhere we go
It's no secret, everybody know
When Dre's involved, there's plenty money involved
[Dr. Dre]
And plenty honey's involved, the sunny Sunday's and palm trees
Cali, everyday it's just another party from the valley's
All the way to them 8 Mile alleys, let's rally
[Eminem]
Hands up for the grand finale
Now raise up out your seat, Dre is about to speak
Blaze a pound of weed six days up out the week
[Dr. Dre]
You could catch me in the studio bangin' out the beats to
Provide you with the heat that keep blazin' out your speaker
[Eminem]
So nervous, ain't never cuz Shady Aftermath together
Along with G-Unit Records presents the return of the-the Doc (and Shady)
No one could do it better
We tear the club up and leave without a strand of evidence and uh
[Chorus]
[Eminem]
Yeah, haha
Still Aftermath, 2006
And don't worry about that Detox album
It's comin', we gonna make Dre do it, haha
50 cent, G-unit, Obie Trice, D-twizzy, Stat Quo, Dr. Dre
We ain't leavin', let's go! haha
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you all for comin' out, peace!
Oh shit, I almost forgot
You're comin' with me (gun shots)
Haha, bye bye!
See you in hell, fuckers. master

_____
The ending's always sad
when love moves from good to bad
wheels roll to a steely grave
crunching gravel on the way
where daffodils once lay
ringing bells of heavy clay
and the heart can hardly bear
the cold and loveless stare
from the eyes that once looked fair
and favourable to one
and the mouth a petal froze
like doorframes painted closed
and windows shut so tight,
cutting out the soft fresh light
The ending's never cried,
but a silent scream inside
makes it known that black is white
that the world is dead upside
that the love and joy before
is so much more than never more
it's forgotten, never was
an illusion, a dead loss
never mind the bitter-sweet
it's a bitter bitter sleep
where the mind can never rest
trying to work out what was best
you convince yourself it's right,
this love is stopped in flight,
surely you must be right, that day is
surely night
The ending's come again,
and poor heart, and again
and the lungs cry when oh when
will it end or it end
defending the beat so strong in the past,
the organ of love now deflating so fast,
pumping perhaps, but can it last?
How long did it last,
this affair of the mind and the bones
and the soul and the hair
and the never ending eyes,
willing everything to rise,
what hope now - the end of the affair,
more cruel because, the affair never was

_____
you can run you can hide but you can't escape my love
here's how it goes
you and me
up and down but maybe this time
we'll get it right
worth the fight
cuz love is something you can shake
when it breaks
all it take is some trying
Chorus:
If you feel like leaving
i'm not gonna make you stay
but soon you'll be finding
you can run you can hide but you can't escape my love
So baby boo
you should know
that it's hard to just foget the past
so fast
it was good it was bad but it was real
and thats all we had
in the end our love matters
Chorus
You can run
You can hide
but you can't escape my love
Repeat
here's how it goes
all it takes is some trying
Chorus
You can ru-uh-uhn
You can ru-uh-uhn
You can ru-uh-uhn
You can ru-uh-uhn
You can run you can hide but you can't escape my love

_____
Lord please forgive me for what I do
For I know not what I've done
[Chorus]
Father please forgive me for I know not what I do
I just never had the chance to ever meet you
Therefore I did not know that I would grow to be
My mother's evil seed and do these evil deeds
Momma had a baby and it's head popped off
(head popped off, head popped off, head popped off, head popped off, head popped off)
My momma don't want me, the next thing I know I'm gettin' dropped off
(gettin' dropped off, gettin' dropped off, gettin' dropped off, gettin' dropped off)
Ring ring ring, on the door bell and the next door neighbors on their front porch
(their front porch, their front porch, their front porch, their front porch)
But they didn't want me neither so they left me on someone elses lawn
(elses lawn, elses lawn, elses lawn)
Till somebody finally took me in, my great aunt, uncle Edna 'n Charles
(Edna 'n Charles, Edna 'n Charles, Edna 'n Charles, Edna 'n Charles)
They were the ones who were left in charge
My elementary they gang up on me and sang this song
(sang this song, sang this song, sang this song, sang this song)
It went a little something like mary had a little lamb, little lamb, little lamb
Debbie had a Satan spawn, Satan spawn
Momma why do they keep saying this I just dont understand, understand
And by the way, where's my dad?
[Chorus]
Predominantly, predominantly, everythings always predominantly
Predominantly white, predominantly black
But what about me, where does that leave me
Well I guess that I'm between predominantly both of 'em
I think if I hear that fuckin' word again I'mma scream
While I'm projectile vomiting, what do I look like, a comedian to you?
Do you think that I'm kidding?
What do I look like some kind of idi-wait a minute, shit, don't answer that
Why am I so misunderstood?
Why do I go through so much bullshit, it sucks bullshit,
Woe is me, there goes poor Marshall again
Whining about his millions and his mansion and his sorrow he's always drownin' in
From the dad he never had, and how his childhood was so bad
And how his mom was a dope addict, and his ex-wife how they go at it
Man I'd hate to have it, as bad as that Mr. Mathers claims he had it
I can't imagine it, that little rich poor white bastard
Needs to take some of that cash out the bank and take a bath in it
[Chorus]
Evil deeds, while I plant these evil seeds
Please release me from these deamons
I never had any of this shit planned ma, please believe
I don't wanna be Satan's spawn, never got the chance to say I'm sorry
Now look at all the pain I caused
This Santa Clause, why you not comin' this year again
What did I do that was so bad to deserve this
Everything could have been so perfect
But life ain't a fairytale, I'm about to be hoist up in the air
Forty feet below me, there's people everywhere
I don't even know what it feel like, they know me cuz I'm in this ferris wheel
And all i wanna do is go to the mall and take hailie on the carousel
Without this crowd everywhere I go, but life is like a merry-go-round
Here we go now, doe see doe now, curtains up, the show must go now
Ring around the rosie, the shows over, you can all go home now
But the curtain just don't close for me, this ain't how fame is supposed to be
Where's the switch I could just turn off and on, this ain't what I chose to be
So please god, give me the strength to have what it takes to carry on
Till I pass 50 back the baton, the camera's on, myself is gone
[Chorus x2]

_____
Artist : Eminem
Song : Lose Yourself (Soundtrack 8 Mile)
Album :
Submitted by : FLeXe JaNNeKe
Corrected by : -bernardo-
Rated : 9.5 (777 votes)
Look, if you had, one shot; one opportunity
To seize everything you ever wanted, in one moment
Would you capture it, or just let it slip, yo;
His palms are sweaty, knees weak arms are heavy
There's vomit on his sweater already, mom's spaghetti
He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready
To drop bombs, but he keeps on forgetting what he wrote down
The whole crowd grows so loud he opens his mouth
But the words won't come out
He's chokin' how, everybody's chokin' now
The clocks run out, times up, over, bloah!
Snap back to reality, oh, there goes gravity, oh,
There goes rabbit he choked, he's so mad but he won't,
Give up that easy, no, he won't have it he knows,
His whole back's to these ropes, it don't matter he's dope,
He knows that but he's broke, he so stacked that he knows,
When he goes back to this mobile home, that's when it's
Back to the lab again, yo
This whole rap city better go capture this moment
And hope it don't pass him
You better lose yourself in the music,
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a life-time, yo
You better lose yourself in the music,
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a life-time, yo
His souls escaping, through this hole that is gaping
This world is mine for the taking, make me king
As we move toward'a, new world ord'a, a normal life is boring
But superstardoms, close to post mortum
It only grows harder, only grows hotter
He blows us all over, these hoes is all on him
Coast to coast shows he's known as the globetrotter
Lonely roads god only knows, he's grown farther from home
He's no father, he goes home and barely knows his own daughter
But hold your nose 'cause here goes the cold water
These hoes don't want him no mo' he's cold product
They moved on to the next shmo' who flows he nose dove, and sold nada
So the soap opera's told it unfolds I suppose it's old partner
But the beat goes on da da dum da da dum datta
You better lose yourself in the music,
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a life-time, yo
You better lose yourself in the music,
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a life-time, yo
No more games, I'ma change what you call rage
Tear this mother fuckin roof off like 2 dogs caged
I was playin in the beginning, the mood all changed
I been chewed up, and spit out and booed off stage
But I kept rhymin' and step writin' the next cypher
You best believe somebody's payin' the pied piper
All the pain inside amplified by the, fact that
I can't get by with my nine to five
And I can't provide the right type'a
Life for my family 'cause man,
These goddamn food stamps don't buy diapers
And it's no movie, there's no Mekhi Phifer,
This is my life and these times are so hard
And it's getting even harder tryin' to feed and water my seed, plus
Teetertotter caught up between bein' a father and a prima donna
Baby mama drama's screamin' on and
Too much for me to wanna stay in one spot, another jam or not
Has gotten me to the point, I'm like a snail I've got
To formulate a plot 'fore I end up in jail or shot
Success is my only motherfuckin' option, failure's not
Mom, I love you, but this trailer's got to go
I cannot grow old in Salem's lot,
So here I go it's my shot, feet fail me not
This maybe the only opportunity that I got
You better lose yourself in the music,
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a life-time, yo
You better lose yourself in the music,
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a life-time, yo
You can do anything you set your mind to man.

_____
Fight Music Lyrics
[Chorus: Eminem]
This kind of music, use it, and you get amped to do shit
Whenever you hear some shit and you can't refuse it
It's just some shit, for these kids, to trash they rooms with
Just refuse whenever they asked to do shit
The type of shit that you don't have to ask who produced it
You just know - that's the new shit
The type of shit that causes mass confusion
and drastic movement of people actin stupid
[Kon Artis]
I come to every club with intention to do harm
With a prosthetic arm and smellin like Boone's Farm
Hidin under tables as soon as I hear alarms
Paranoid thief that'll steal from his own moms
Connivin Kon, Artis with a bomb
Strapped to my stomach screamin, "Let's get it on!"
A lush that love to drink, drunk drivin a tank
Rollin over a bank, cops see me and faint
It's drastic, I'm past my limit of coke
I think I'll up my high by slittin your throat
Push your baby carriage into the street, 'til it's mince meat
Your mens been beat the minute I step onto your street
This is fight music!
[Bizarre]
You know why my hands are so numb? (No)
Cause my grandmother sucked my dick and I didn't come (oh)
Smacked this whore for talkin crap (bitch)
So what if she's handicapped, the bitch said Bizarre couldn't rap
I fuckin hate you; I'll take your drawers down and rape you
While Dr. Dre videotapes you (hell yeah!)
Satan done got me on this song
Eatin a hot dog readin the Holy Qu'ran, while I'm on the john
Tired of wearin this yellow thong
Take it back Sisqo, you know where it belongs (thong th-thong thong)
Now here's a gun, I'll put it in your palm
Now go over there and blow up Dru Hill's arms
Fuck your love songs
[Chorus]
[Proof]
Just bring who you gon' bring on, who you gon' swing on?
I'm King Kong, guns blow you to king-dom come
Show you machine gun funk
Sixteen m-16's and one pump [click-clack]
The snub in my paw, shove it in your jaw
Have you runnin out this fuckin club in your drawers
We lovin the broads, there's nothin to applaud
But fuck it it's all good, the hood is up in The Source
It's fight music
[Swifty McVay]
I'm a nigga that loves scuffles
And won't hesitate to sock you again for swollen knuckles
I'm like that, catch a nigga like bear traps
Blow his head back right in front of the priest sayin, "You hear that?"
I slap your freak, bump you and won't speak
If you step on my feet, you get drowned in your own drink
I suffocated my shrink just for talkin
Came back and fucked up his pallbearers and made 'em drop his coffin
It's fight music!
[Kuniva]
These beads I'm swingin is stingin 'em
See all these niggaz? When I step in the club, I'm bringin 'em
If any nigga lookin too hard, we Rodney King'n 'em
Malice green to them and gasolinin 'em with premium
Light a cigarette, flick it at 'em or spit it at 'em
Hold up a picture of his family and kick it at him
Blast while you right hookin, right when your wife's lookin
Fuck fight music, bitch this is losin your life music!
[Eminem]
If I could capture the rage of today's youth and bottle it
Crush the glass from my bare hands and swallow it
Then spit it back in the faces of you racists
and hypocrites who think the same shit but don't say shit
You Liberace's, Versace's, and you nazis
Watch me, cause you thinkin you got me in this hot seat
You motherfuckers wanna JUDGE me cause you're NOT me
You'll never STOP me, I'm TOP speed as you POP me
I came to save these new generations of babies
from parents who failed to raise 'em cause they're lazy
to grow to praise me I'm makin 'em go crazy
That's how I got this whole nation to embrace me
And you fugazi if you think I'ma admit wrong
I cripple any hypocritic critic I'm sic'd on
And this song is for any kid who gets picked on
A sick song to retaliate to, and it's called..
[Chorus]
It's fight music!

_____
Now everybody from the 313
Put your motherfucking hands up and follow me
Everybody from the 313
Put your motherfucking hands up
Look Look
Now while he stands tough
Notice that this man did not have his hands up
This free world got you gased up
Now who's afraid of the big bad wolf
1, 2, 3 and to the 4
1 pac , 2 pac, 3 pac, 4
4 pac, 3 pac, 2 pac, 1
You're pac, he's pac, no pacs, none
This guy ain't no mother-fucking MC,
I know everything he's got to say against me,
I am white, I am a fucking bum, I do live in a trailer with my mom,
My boy Future is an Uncle Tom.
I do got a dumb friend named Cheddar Bob who shoots
himself in the leg with his own gun,
I did get jumped by all 6 of you chumps
And Wink did fuck my girl,
I'm still standing here screaming "FUCK THE FREE WORLD!"
Don't ever try to judge me dude
You don't know what the fuck I've been through
But I know something about you
You went to Cranbrook, that's a private school
What's the matter dawg? You embarrassed?
This guy's a gangster? he's real name's Clarence
And Clarence lives at home with both parents
And Clarence's parents have a real good marriage
This guy don't wanna battle, He's shook
'Cause there no such things as half-way crooks
He's scared to death
He's scared to look in his fucking yearbook, fuck Cranbrook
Fuck the beat, I go acapella
Fuck a papa doc, fuck a clock, fuck a trailer, fuck everybody
Fuck y'all if you doubt me
I'm a piece of fucking white trash, I say it proudly
And fuck this battle, I don't wanna win, I'm outtie,
Here, tell these people something they don't know about me.

_____
Now everybody from the 3-1-3
Put your motherfuckin' hands up and follow me.
Everybody from the 3-1-3
Put your motherfuckin' hands up,
Look, Look,
Now while he stands tough,
notice that this man did not have his hands up!
This Freeworlds got you gased up, now who's afraid of the big bad wolf?
One, Two, Three and to the Four
One Pac, Two Pac, Three Pac, Four
Four Pac, Three Pac, Two Pac, One
You're Pac, He's Pac, No Pac, None!
This guy ain't no motherfuckin' MC,
I know everything he's got to say against me.
I am white, I am a fucking bum..
i do live in a trailer with my mom.
My boy Future is a no good Tom.
I do got a dumb friend named Cheddar Bob who shoots
himself in his leg with his own gun,
I did get jumped by all 6 of you chumps
And Wink did fuck my girl,
I'm still standin here screaming  FUCK THE FREE WORLD!
Don't ever try to judge me dude,
You don't know what the fuck I've been through.
But I know something about you,
You went to Cranbrook, thats a private school.
What's the matter dawg? You embarassed?
This guys a gangster? His real name's Clarence.
And Clarence lives at home with both parents.
And Clarence parents have a real good marriage.
This guy dont wanna battle, he's shook.
Cause there aint no such things as
HALF WAY CROOKS
Hes scared to death, hes scared to look
at his fucking year book.
Fuck Cranbrooke..
Fuck a beat, I'll go Acapella
Fuck a Papa Doc, Fuck a clock, Fuck a trailer
fuck everybody, fuck yall if you doubt me
Im a fuckin piece of white trash I say it proudly
And fuck this battle I dont want to win, Im outty
here tell these people somethin
They don't know about me

_____
Now everybuddy from da 313 put ya mother fuckin' hands up and follow me
Everybuddy from da 313 put ya mother fuckin' hands up, up, up
Now Wallie stands tough notice that this man did not have his hands up
This free world's got you gassed up
Now who's afraid of the big bad wolf?
One, two, three, into da four
One pop, two pop, three pop, four
Four pop, three pop, two pop, one
You're pop, he's pop, you're pop, none
This guy ain't no fuckin' mc
I know everything he's got to say against me
I am white
I am a fucking bum
I do live in a trailer with my mom
My boy future is an uncle tom
I do got a dumb friend named chetterbob who shoots himself in his leg with his own gun
I did get jumped by all 6 of you chumps
An' Wade did fuck my girl
I'm still standin' here singin' fuck da free world
Don't never try to judge me dude
You don't know what the fuck I been through
But I know somethin' about you
You went to Cranbrook... that's a private school
Whats a matter dawg you embarased?
This guys a gangsta his real names Clarance
An' Clarance lives at home with both parents
An' Clarance's parents have a real good marrage
This guy don't wanna battle he's shook
Cuz there ain't no shuch thing as Halfway Crooks
Hes scared to death
Hes scared to look at his fuckin' yearbooks
Fuck Cranbrook
Fuck a beat
I go achapello
Fuck a Papa Dock
Fuck a clock
Fuck a trailer
Fuck everybuddy
Fuck ya'll if ya doubt me
I'm a piece of fuckin' white trash I say it proudly
An' fuck this battle I don't wanna win
I'm outtie
Here tell these people somethin' they don't know about me

_____
I'm watching myself cry
Well I just sighed my last sigh
And I took you by surprise
So why apologize
'cause I will always find my way
I think I've found the way
So stay
You can make my day
And I'm
Stopping my demise
And I apologize
I really need to find my way
You can see
What it will be
Time honoured questions
Love in dimensions
As it was
You can see
What it will be
Finding suggestions
Lasting impressions
As it was
But until I find you there
I will swear
Tot take care
And I'm fighting a war for you
I'm trying to comply
But I'm just a passer by
And I sometimes I'm unwise
But see life through my eyes
'cause I will always find my way
You can see
What it will be
Time honoured questions
Love in dimensions
As it was
You can see
What it will be
Finding suggestions
Lasting impressions
As it was
But until I find you there
I will swear
Tot take care
And I'm fighting a war for you

_____
Intro: (scratches)
(Eminem)-  Shady!
(Eminem)-  that's me
(Mr. Eon)-  Iron Mic Trilogy
(Erik Sermon)-  back...with the flyest material
(Eminem)-  Sh....Sh....Shady!
(Eminem)-  that...that.....that's me
(Mr. Eon)-  Iron Mic Trilogy
(Erik Sermon)-  back with the...funky...beats
Mr. Eon:
Packing the third eye rush you it's cyclopse
They trade in their high tops for night sized Withe rocks
Words in my right, they pass my left ear
It's solid decked out write the books for next year
Bear this grenade you got stuck like virgin
Who that cat splurgin' instead or rehearsin?
Tough guy, dj travi your high rise
Looking more like ronald then the fuckin fry guys
Go on uptown fucking senoritas
In Taco Bell screaming  vivas gorditas!  
Bring all your dogs i give em rabies
They never had a chance i might chew up all their babies
(Eminem: waaah!)
Pope John Paul the second, brain like satan
Have your beaten girlfriend cooking up bacon
I'm obituite with that shit that you hit
Slow my flick with ya cause mine to pick wit her
Eminem:
My nine is limpin ya six deep when i spray rounds
Hit you with 12 shots in mid air and four more on the way down
The eight straight strays to a kid's hair on the playground
You lay down on a stretcher (Don't get carried away now!)
No pun intended, snapped out of your whip
And leave it un-attended before i whip out this gun and hit it
Unless you want it dented with bullet holes any minute
Cause i can leave your Infinite full of those even if someone's in it
Snap the airbag, hit the corner and park it
You wanted a market, i got her tied up in a chair and gag
Bitches get smacked and grabbed by the hair and dragged
Like cave-women, while i'm grave diggin' with Marilyn Man
Mr. Eon:
If you got a bowl of hash better cash it
Dollar signs flashin' i'ma take the last hit
Eminem:
And if you're spitting whack shit on the microphone
I'ma snatch it outta your hand so fast i'm gonna detach it
Mr. Eon:
If you got a bowl of hash better cash it
Dollar signs flashin' i'ma take the last hit
Eminem:
I'm flabergasted off two tabs of acid
Threw my baby's mother in a nap sack and latched it
Mr. Eon:
Yo,  Eon's whack now , how you dig that?
Couldn't get on my record if you were street rap
Get the greater rate with these rhymes i be totin'
Let's go back online and jerk off on your modem
I got stupid mucus from these loose lips
My loose leaf leave your whole persona weak
To the point when you stand up on your feet {you} best retreat
Let's go back in time and steal my whole seed
The quickening, did a ?briss? at the crispening
I'm exercisin', to uplifting the foot stage
This thing's the nicest, i keep telling you
What the fuck this guy on the corner been selling you? 
(Eminem:  here buy this )
Eminem:
I'm ing you, at the wrong website
Mispelling you, break you and put the fear of hell in you
Escape above you, stuff the nurse in a purse
Disperse like i added too many words in a verse
Slim Shady, a perverted virgin at birth {or  version of birth }
Driving off, leaving the murdered virgin at church
The first person searching the earth for the motherfucker 
That pulled the plug when they shoulda alerted the surgeon first
You don't curse and hit with your own words
Leave me alone bitch! I get on my own nerves
And if i don't got two balls and a middle finger to throw up
Then i'm takin' off both shoes and stickin' each middle toe up (fuck y'all!)
Mr. Eon:
If y'all got a bowl of hash better cash it
Dollar signs flashin' i'ma take the last hit (Eminem:  gimmie that )
Eminem:
And if you're spitting whack shit on the microphone
I'ma snatch it outta your hand so fast i'm gonna detach it
Mr. Eon:
So if you got a bowl of has better cash it
Dollar signs flashin' i'ma take the last hit
Eminem:
I'm flabergasted off two tabs of acid
Threw my baby's mother in a hatch-back and latched it
Eminem:
Any disease out there i'm willing to catch it....
Slim Shady.....All praises 
To the High   Mighty
(scratches):
(Eminem)-  Slim Shady
(Eminem)-  naughty rotten rhymer
(Mr. Eon)-  Mr. Eon
(Mr. Eon)-  illest rhyme dropper
(Eminem)-  Slim Shady
(Eminem)-  naughty rotten rhymer
(Mr. Eon)-  Mr. Eon
(Mr. Eon)-  illest rhyme dropper
(Eminem)-  Slim Shady
(Eminem)-  n....nau..naughty...ro..ro..rotten rhyme....rhyme..rhy..rhymer
(Mr. Eon)-  Mr. Eon
(Mr. Eon)-  illest rhyme drop...drop..drop..dro..dro..rhyme dropper

_____
Ready to embrace the day
As we both break,
As the light stole in
She found me wide awake.
Wasted from a sleepless night
I reach to touch your hair,
Withdraw an empty hand
For you're no longer there
In between the silence, living is an empty space
Save the ticking of the clock
As the hands are sweeping past it's face
And I just don't wanna be lonely
(O no no)
Night and day
'Cos as I look around me I just feel that way
(Repeat chorus)
For you only
I turn my hand to something that will clear my head
But I cannot forget the parting words we shared
I open up my mind to all the pictures I can trace
But I cannot recall, the contours of your face
And though we slipped away
Before I had the chance to say,
If I did something wrong
Please tell me I'll accept the blame.
And I just don't wanna be lonely
(O no no)
Night and day
'Cos as I look around me I just feel that way
(Repeat chorus)
For you only
For you only

_____
[Chorus]
It may not mean nothing to yall
But understand nothing was done for me
So I dont plan on stopping at all
I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man
Im shutting shit down at the mall
And telling every girl she the one for me
And I aint even planning to call
I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man, ever man
[Drake]
Last name ever
First name greatest
Like a sprained ankle boy I aint nothing to play with
Started off local but thanks to all the haters
I know G4 pilots on a first name basis
In your city faded off the brown, Nino
She insists she got more class, we know
Swimming in the money come and find me, Nemo
If I was at the club you know I ball, chemo
Drop the mixtape that shit sounded like a album
Who'da thought a country wide tour'd be the outcome
Labels want my name beside the X like Malcolm
Everybody got a deal, I did it without one
Yeah nigga I'm about my business
Killing all these rappers you would swear I had a hit list
Everyone who doubted me is asking for forgiveness
If you aint been a part of it at least you got to witness
Bitches
[Chorus]
It may not mean nothing to yall
But understand nothing was done for me
So I dont plan on stopping at all
I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man
Im shutting shit down at the mall
And telling every girl she the one for me
And I aint even planning to call
I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man, ever man
[Kanye West]
I used to have hood dreams
Big fame, big chains
I stuck my dick inside this life until that bitch came
I went hard all fall like the ball teams
Just so I can make it rain all spring
Yall seen my story my glory
I had raped the game young
You can call it statutory
When a nigga blow up they gon build statures of me
Old money Benjamin Button, whaat, nuttin
Now superbad chicks giving me McLovin
You would think I ran the world like Michelles husband
You would think these niggas would know me when they really doesnt
Like they was down with the old me no you fucking wasnt
Youre such a fucking loser
He didnt even go to class Bueller
Trade the Grammy plaques just to have my granny back
Remember she had that bad hip like a fanny pack
Chasing the stardom will turn you into a maniac
All the way in Hollywood and I cant even act
They pull their cameras out and God damn they snap
I used to want this thing forever yall can have it back
[Chorus]
It may not mean nothing to yall
But understand nothing was done for me
So I dont plan on stopping at all
I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man
Im shutting shit down at the mall
And telling every girl she the one for me
And I aint even planning to call
I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man, ever man
[Lil Wayne]
Ok, hello it's da Martian
Space jam Jordans
I want this shit forever wake up and smell the garden
Fresher than the harvest
Step up to the target
If I had one guess than I guess I'm just New Orleans
And I will never stop like I'm running from the cops
Hop up in my car and told my chauffeur to the top
Life is such a fucking roller coaster then it drops
But what should I scream for this is my theme park
My minds shine even when my thoughts seem dark
Pistol on my side you dont wanna hear that thing talk
Let the king talk check the price and pay attention
Lil Wayne thats what they got to say or mention
Im like Nevada in the middle of the summer
Im resting in the lead I need a pillow and a cover
Shhh, my foots sleeping on the gas
No brake pads, no such thing as last
[Chorus]
It may not mean nothing to yall
But understand nothing was done for me
So I dont plan on stopping at all
I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man
Im shutting shit down at the mall
And telling every girl she the one for me
And I aint even planning to call
I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man, ever man
[Eminem]
There they go, packin' stadiums as Shady spits his flow
Nuts they go, macadamian they go so ballistic, whoa
He can make them look like Bozos
He's wondering if he should spit this slow
Fuck no! Go for broke
His cup just runneth over, oh no
He aint had a real buzz like this since the last time that he overdosed
Theyve been waiting patiently for Pinocchio to poke his nose
Back into the game and they know
Rap will never be the same as before
Bashing in the brains of these hoes
And establishing a name as he goes
The passion and the flame is ignited
You cant put it out once we light it
This shit is exactly what the fuck that I'm talking about when we riot
You dealin with a few true villains
Whose stand inside of the booth truth spillin
And spit true feelings, until our tooth fillings come flying up out of our mouths
Now rewind it!
Payback muthafucka for the way that you doubted me hows it taste?
When I slap the taste out your mouth with the bass so loud that it shakes the place
Im Hannibal Lecter so just in case youre thinking of saving face
You aint gonna have no face to save by the time I'm through with this place
So Drake
[Chorus]
It may not mean nothing to yall
But understand nothing was done for me
So I dont plan on stopping at all
I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man
Im shutting shit down at the mall
And telling every girl she the one for me
And I aint even planning to call
I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man, ever man

_____
[DRE]
Ya'll know me still the same ol' g
But i been low key
Hated on by most these niggas with no cheese, no deals and no g's
No wheels and no keys no boats, no snowmobiles and no ski's
Mad at me cause i can finally afford to provide my family with groceries
Got a crib with a studio and it's all full of tracks
To add to the wall full of plaques
Hangin' up in the office in back of my house like trophies
But ya'll think i'm gonna let my dough freeze
Ho please, you better bow down on both knees
Who you think taught you to smoke trees
Who you think brought you the o' g's
Eazy-e's ice cube's and d.o.c's and snoop d o double g's
And a group that said muthafuck the police
Gave you a tape full of dope beats
The bomb weed stroll through in you hood
And when your album sales wasn't doin' too good
Who's the doc that he told you to go see
Ya'll better listen up closely
All you niggas that said that i turned pop
Or the firm flop, ya'll are the reason dre ain't been getting no sleep
So fuck ya'll, all of ya'll
If ya'll don't like me, blow me
Ya'll are gonna keep fuckin' around with me
And turn me back to the old me
[eminem](chorus x2)
Nowadays everybody wanna talk like they got something to say
But nothin comes out when they move they lips
Just a buncha gibberish
And muthafuckers act like they forgot about dre
[eminem]
So what do you say to somebody you hate
Or anyone tryna bring trouble your way
Wanna resolve things in a bloodier way
Just study your tape of nwa.
One day i was walkin by
With a walkman on
When i caught a guy givin' me an awkward eye
And strangled him off in the parkin' lot with his karl kani
I don't give a fuck if it's dark or not
I'm harder than me tryna park a dodge
But i'm drunk as fuck
Right next to a humungous truck in a two car garage
Hoppin' out with two broken legs tryna walk it off
Fuck you too bitch call the cops
I'ma kill you and 'em loud ass muthafuckin barkin' dogs
And when the cops came through
Me and dre stood next to a burnt down house
With a can full of gas and a hand full of matches
And still one found out right here
From here on out it's the chronic 2
Startin' today and tomorrow's the new
And i'm still loco and nuts to choke you to death with a charleston chew
Slim shady hotter then a set of twin babies
In a mercedes benz with the windows up
And the temp goes up to the mid 80's
Callin' men ladies
Sorry doc but i been crazy
There is no way that you can save me
It's ok go with him hailey
(chorus) x2
[DRE]
If it was up to me
You muthafuckers would stop comin' up to me
With your hands out lookin' up to me
Like you want somethin' free
When my last cd was out you weren't bumpin me
But now that i got this little company
Everybody wanna come to me like it was some disease
But you won't get a crumb from me
Cause i'm from the streets of
I told 'em all
All little gangstas
Who you think helped mold 'em all
Now you wanna run around and talk about guns
Like i ain't got none
What you think i sold 'em all
Cause i stay well off
Now all i get is hate mail all day sayin' dre fell off
What, cause i been in the lab with a pen and a pad tryna get this damn label
Off
I ain't havin that
This is the millenium of aftermath
It ain't gonna be nothin' after that
So give me one more platinum plaque and fuck rap you can have it back
So where's all the mad rappers at
It's like a jungle in this habitat
But all you savage cats
Knew that i was strapped with gats
When you were cuddled with cabbage patch
(chorus) x3

_____
I was driving around this godforsaken
city
Where everybody is homeless or they
look homeless
I was drawn to the piers and they
looked to me like
Two beacons in a hurricane city
Under the bright lights that's where
it all began
I met the devil by the deep blue sea
And I watched from my truck
As you collapsed on the beach
I picked you up then helped you
to sleep
And when I looked back I was parked
there "waiting"
What was I waiting for?
I was waiting for you
And as I watched you sleeping I had a strange thought
This is the beginning but the
beginning of what?
Hold on to life
Hold on to life
She recovered all right and we got
to talking
I ended up telling her how I felt
And Jesus Christ it was such a surpise
I was in love with one look in her eyes
Before she said one word, before
I heard her story
It didn't matter, I was hooked.
"I'm a junkie and a dealer, yeah I'm a tart
It's not smart I know, I cut men up
My mum says I'm the
black widow spider
Pull men into my web then fuck them up
At 15 my boy and I were walking home
one night
A drunk driver hit us, Mike was killed
outright
Had a row with the next one,
he roared off
He crashed into a bus, I was a flame
to his moth
I had a violent scene with my
long term man
He took drugs and OD'd,
so can you understand?
When my mother says I'm the black widow spider
Keep away from her, don't you ever get
beside her
Hold on to life
Hold on to life
I looked at her, she lived in such danger
But she walked into trouble, I knew I
could change her
So I bought her the heroin she needed
which kept her off the game
Then one of her druggy friends
asked me
To do the run to Spain
"You've got the perfect front
With your big fuck off truck"
Yeah, I had a lot of front and figured
I was due more good luck
For a truckful of smack they said
they'd give me 20 grand
I said yeah, but it's not the money
I need the H for Diane
I beat the customs and I beat the fear
But I had a lot of time to think
Bringing back the gear
I couldn't let those bastards kill
more Dianes
So first stop, the cops, I shopped the
whole gange
And would you believe it,
those cops paid me 40 grand
Hold on to life
Hold on to life
But we had to leave Brighton
There was a contract on his head
He said we'll get it together in the country
We headed for Wales.
He said we were living like lucky people
He bought us a semi with a cat
Ate TV dinners, watched a lot of soaps
He had so many, so many high hopes
Whereas I just hoped to be high
He tried to get me off the drugs,
on my case always
I'd never had so many boring holidays,
I didny appreciate it enough, then he complained,
I guess it's simple, I needed to see bright
lights again,
He was using his truck to carry spaghetti and pasta
But me, I needed a life that was a whole lot faster
Wanted to be back in Brighton
Wanted to feel like me
I loved him for what he'd done for me
But I wasn't in love anymore.
Hold on to life
Hold on to life
Yeah, it's like Harlan Howard says
She loved the Brighton lights more
than she loved me
She called them beautiful jewels, too
special to steal
They shone like the eyes of children
Or the lips of lovers
One night I came home and
she was gone
Where to, it didn't take me long
Though there was a contract out
on my life
I didn't give a fuck, I needed my wife
I found her alright, with a guy called Cat
She was hooked again in Brighton,
screamed she wouldn't come back
To cut a long story short,
That was That.
It's the last time I'll be driving round
the Steine
Round the fountains and the dark
shadowy green
I got some skag from a friend of Cat's
Swapped if for a house in Wales,
nice semi with a cat
Well I won't be needing it anymore
My wife has turned into a whore
I'm parked by the post-box,
in between the piers,
Where I first saw her
Where it all began
I drop the letter in the box,
and walk out on the beach
This time, it's me collapsed in a heap
Hold on to life
Hold on to life
The police got the tape and this is
what it said
By the time you get this, I'll be dead
You'll find me on the beach
where it all started
I'm doing this because of my wife
I love her dearly, but she doesn't
feel the same
I can't face life without her, and I
can't live with her
Not while she's like this
She was clean for 18 months when
we were together
But now she's back in this life
I spent 40 grand trying to
make her happy
But now the money's gone
And so has she.
Hold on to life
Hold on to life
That was two weeks ago,
cut me up bad.
I OD'd myself last weekend
I didn't want this sort of end
I just fell out of love with him
I wanted him to go, or to let me go
But he called me his wife, he was
obsessed
He'd fallen head over heels
in love with me
Just like the rest
(the way that they all do)
There's my new boyfriend
Isn't he beautiful, hey meet Jim
I guess in a year, if my mum's right
You'll be writing an epitaph for him.
Hold on to life
Hold on to life
Under the bright lights where it all began,
I met my devil by the deep blue sea
Freakin' Brighton, freakin' Brighton,
freakin' Brighton, freakin' Brighton

_____
Three blind mice
See how they run
They've had enough
They've got a gun
They don't wanna test shampoo
anymore
They're not gonna smoke
ten a day, what for
They're not gonna stick
to electrodes no more
Three blind mice
Three blind mice
They gotta run
Only so much time
They want some fun
They don't wanna listen to
you anymore
Their new vocab is so what
and what for?
These three B-mice, breaking
on the floor
Three blind mice
Three blind mice
They're on the run
They want a life
Out in the sun
If you get in their way, they
will mow you down
These hip hop mice, they don't
give a damn
These hop hip mice skipping
free as a lamb
Three blind mice
Three blind mice
See how they run
They've had enough
They've got a gun
The men in the labs are now hunting
them down
Like lambs to the slaughter they do
give a damn
They outwit the cops and they flee
this town
Three blind mice

_____
I got a riddle,
What's little and talks big,
With midget arms and creamy white filling in the middle,
That'll do anything to throw dirt on my name,
If it means walking the whole Mediterranean,
Isn't it Albanian, Armenian, Iranian, Tasmanian,
No, it's Dave Raymond and oh,
Oh sorry, yo, so sorry, whoa
But that was a long time ago,
When I was just Joe Schmo,
Rapping in Joe Blow's basement,
I apologized for it before so,
Either accept it or you don't,
And let's move on,
If I ain't shown that I've grown you can get the bone,
Keep lickin these nuts you industry mutts,
Keep walking around sniffing each other's butts,
Or should I say asses,
What would be the more politically correct term to use for the masses,
The question I ask is how can I explain this,
How can I swing this in English language,
If I switched to slang and turned man to mane,
Do I do it in vain or simply to entertain,
Am I being real or am I being fake,
Am I just a fraud or am I truly genuine,
Or am I caught up in this hot water,
Word on my daughter,
I told you That I love this culture,
Don't let 'em insult ya,
I'ma tell you once more again
This is the environment I was brought up in,
But every now and then,
I use my pen to get rid of some frustration,
Or should I say ?shun?,
Is it just another one of my subliminal ways erases em?,
Your face is numb, you're stunned,
You look is cold like that of a man that's 70 something years old,
And it only gets colder,
Which is why I understand,
You can't be mad at a 44 year old fan with a chip on his shoulder,
Who only owns a half of a magazine,
And the only way to have it seen is to put me on the front of it again,
Only thing that makes them grin is to see me frown,
Papa can't stand me,
Papa needs to take his medication and sit the fuck down,
In his new chair that goes round and round,
That he bought from the money in his bank account,
That I get him every issue when the thing comes out,
Sit back and let his puffy clown hair come out,
And let his black side arm wrestle his white side,
Yellow par tied odd enough that he might slide,
He might find someone dumb enough that they might ride,
But ain't nobody over buying two white guys,
Disguised as pro-black,
There is no slack for a Hartford college grat in a fitted hat,
And a hunchback standin by the clearance coat rack,
In some old slacks and some RSO throwbacks,
Shady in the place to bc,
And it takes what I got to rock the mike,
Still not gonna cater these punks,
Fuckin cock-suckin, pussy-lipped, hated, mixed, cunts.

_____
Eminem:
If I'm elected for ten terms
I'm renewing the staff after the inagural
And hiring all girls as interns
If I don't like you, I'll snatch you outta your mic booth
While you're rappin and pull your right through the window and fight you
I'll take you straight to the pavement
Uppercut you, and scrape your face wit a bracelet
Like a razor that shaved it
Three drinks and I'm ready to flash
Runnin on stage in a G-string, wit a bee sting on my ass (Look!)
It's probably all cuz I ain't awkward at all
I just like to walk through the mall, stop, and talk to the wall
And have a relapse after I just fought through withdrawl
(Hop in the car little girl, I just bought you a doll)
The Bad and Evil movement is comin
Plus the music is pumpin like a pill freak wit a tube in his stomach
I write a rhyme a day
So it's no wonder how come your whole album
Is soundin like a bunch of shit that I would say
Whether it's one verse or one letter
I'll probably be the cleverest one that never gets spun ever
It's Slim Shady and Tony Touch, it's only us
The rest of y'all are just stuck in the middle wit Monie Love

_____
Now everybody from the 313
Put your motherfucking hands up and follow me
Everybody from the 313
Put your mothefucking hands up
Look Look
Now while he stands tough
Notice that this man did not have his hands up
This free worlds got you gassed up
Now who's afraid of the big bad wolf
1, 2, 3 and to the 4
1 pac , 2 pac, 3 pac, 4
4 pac, 3 pac, 2 pac, 1
You're pac, he's pac, no pacs, none
This guy aint no mother-fuckin MC,
I know everything he's got to say against me,
I am white, I am a fuckin bum, I do live in a trailer with my mom,
My boy Future is an Uncle Tom.
I do got a dumb friend named Cheddar Bomb who shoots
himself in the leg with his own gun,
I did get jumped by all 6 of you chumps
And Wink did fuck my girl,
I'm still standin here screamin "FUCK THE FREE WORLD!"
Don't ever try to judge me dude
You don't know what the fuck i've been through
But i know something about you
You went to Crankbrook, that's a private school
What's the matter dawg? You embarrassed?
This guy's a gangster, his real name's Clarence
And Clarence lives at home with both parents
And Clarence's parents have a real good marriage
This guy don't wanna battle, He's shook
'Cause there no such thing as half-way crooks
He's scared to death
He's scared to look in his fuckin yearbook, fuck Crankbrook
Fuck the beat, i go acapella
Fuck a papa doc, fuck a clock, fuck a trailer, fuck everybody
Fuck y'all if you doubt me
I'm a piece of fucking white trash, i say it proudly
And fuck this battle, I don't wanna win, I'm outty,
Here, tell this people something they dont know about me.

_____
Eminem:
Yo, speed racer, 97' burgundy Blazer
Wanted for burglary, had to ditch the mercury tracer
I'm on some low ish,
I'm fed up wit the being broke ish
I'm not to joke wit
Bitch, I don't sell crack, I smoke it
My brains dusted; I'm disgusted at all my habits
Too many asprin tablets and empty medicine cabinets
Loosing battles to wack rappers 'cause I'm always too blunted
Walkin' up in the cypher smokin', talkin' like, "Who want it?"
Thug and crook; every drug in the book I've done it
My 9's at your frame,is that your chain? Run it
Who wants to die of an overdose of excessive flavor?
Aggressive nature got me stickin' you for your Progressive pager
Spectacular, battle rap manufacturer
Stole your mom's Acura, wrecked it, then sold it back to her
( Right right right ! ! ! ) (( Ding ! ! ! ))
The doctors you'll need after our battle are known as psychiatrics
I'll tell the nurses to hold a bed for you,
and I'ma make sure you come back for it
So barricade your infants, put up some extra fences
A woman beater, wanted for repeated sex offenses ( Ooh )
..Take em' on long vacation trips
Kidnappin' em' and trappin' em' in abusive relationships
Mess up your face and lips
Slit your stomach and watch your gut split
Gut you wit that razor that I use to shave my nuts wit ((Laughter))
Mama don't you cry, your son's too far gone
I'm so high, I don't even know what label I'm on
I'm messed up, feelin' like an over worked plumber
I'm sick of the crap, what's Dr. Kevorkian's phone number? ( Ha.. Hot )

_____
life flashes before you and then its taken away
and then there so much that u never got to say
but its okay you just gotta hold on to faith
never look up and say gods name in vein
just say grace and know that your loved one is safe
buried away floating up into a better place
it's like a race you just gotta learn how to pace
and save face because you dont wanna be the disgrace
a bitter taste like your mind is starting to decay
accept the case know that the persons there to stay
from my heart up to my spine all the way to my mind
i need a sanctuary where my thoughts can unwind
a wound like this can only be binded by time
but i see something gods giving me a sign
he says stand tall be tough stop all the cryin
i look through you and i can see your inner lining
i can see that your heart is about to break
but why god why for heavens sake
why did you take that person away couldnt you wait
now it's too late but he has a bigger plan
all my views and beliefs this is where i stand
im so down im strayin from the topic at hand

_____
yo,yo slap and rape two things I like to be happy in grade
but I feld nine grathe so im not a affraid to these persons
who try me to shake im kill every motherfucker who try
me to rape i can rap it now cuz this is my first rap tape im
not singing who's the bad boy like puffy and mase im the
bad boy off this fucking young rap game you asshole's
don't no me try to find my name on the internet on this
spinnin chat i don't nowhere im gona win this rap yo past
me the mic so i can sing it than I have a friend who named Stef
who was dumped by a girl who only want to have sex and I have
my EX WIFE kicked her ass by a bitch in the who slap her as the best
but it is stupid to say I don't nothing off that  hahaha!!!!
freestyle motherfuckers by LIL P!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

_____
Now everybody from the 313
Put your motherfucking hands up and follow me
Everybody from the 313
Put your mothefucking hands up
Look Look
Now while he stands tough
Notice that this man did not have his hands up
This free worlds got you gassed up
Now who's afraid of the big bad wolf
1, 2, 3 and to the 4
1 pac , 2 pac, 3 pac, 4
4 pac, 3 pac, 2 pac, 1
You're pac, he's pac, no pacs, none
This guy aint no mother-fuckin MC,
I know everything he's got to say against me,
I am white, I am a fuckin bum, I do live in a trailer with my mom,
My boy Future is an Uncle Tom.
I do got a dumb friend named Cheddar Bomb who shoots
himself in the leg with his own gun,
I did get jumped by all 6 of you chumps
And Wink did fuck my girl,
I'm still standin here screamin  FUCK THE FREE WORLD!
Don't ever try to judge me dude
You don't know what the fuck i've been through
But i know something about you
You went to Crankbrook, that's a private school
What's the matter dawg? You embarrassed?
This guy's a gangster, his real name's Clarence
And Clarence lives at home with both parents
And Clarence's parents have a real good marriage
This guy don't wanna battle, He's shook
'Cause there no such thing as half-way crooks
He's scared to death
He's scared to look in his fuckin yearbook, fuck Crankbrook
Fuck the beat, i go acapella
Fuck a papa doc, fuck a clock, fuck a trailer, fuck everybody
Fuck y'all if you doubt me
I'm a piece of fucking white trash, i say it proudly
And fuck this battle, I don't wanna win, I'm outty,
Here, tell this people something they ain't know about me.

_____
*after shoutouts and talking*
Eminem:
Peace to Thirstin Howl, A.L. and Wordsworth
My mother smoked crack, I had a premature birth
I'm just a nerd cursed, wit badly disturbed nerves
Who wanna be the one to step up and get served first?
Ninety-nine percent of aliens prefer earth
So I'm here to rule the planet, startin wit your turf
I hid a secret message inside of a wordsearch
Wit smeard letters, runnin together in blurred spurts
I hang wit male chauvinist pigs and perverts
Who point water pistols at women and squirt shirts
Been a bad boy since diapers and Gerber's
My first words were "Bleep bleep" and "Curse curse"
Never had ish, and I still don't deserve dirt
My breath still stinks and I'm on my third Certs
Yankin out my stitches, hollering "Nurse nurse!"
"You said this shot would numb it, trick it just hurts worse!"
Grew up in a dump next door to a burnt church
But gunshots drowned out crickets and bird chirps
And it's like that, and it's like that
Evidence:
Got no apathy
Yo I Platform my strategy, mix words in alchemy
Evidence, I won't get caught shot on the balcony
Between you and I, I'll tell you here's the diff
Gun to your head, you're dead, pointblank I shapeshift
That's right, to dear/deer, anelope, or owl
In life, use your potential, or Steve Howe
I'm about to call it quits, yo too much weight'll break your rack mount
The man'll make you move, yo so make your move a backout
You say I use my name too much as a clutch
Try holdin on to beat instead of pushin on your crutch
Flipped it backwards, Evidence attack nerds off the head
Steadfast, right or left, don't matter see you comin
Deaf/Def like Leppards, pop the piece, I be the sheppard
Causin the herd, the name is Ev absurd
Verbs get flipped, it's like this, yo acronyms and all that
Methaphor imagery, you claimin metaphors and spittin similies
Not havin It, the name is Evidence
Like Pos. K gibbin the life thinkin of stabbin it
Skills prevail you possess, take no offense
But don't profess lies within your mind, tempt and stress
Iriscience:
It's like uh-oh-oh
It's Dilated Peoples on the Wake Up Show-uh-oh
We kick a lick or some for the radio-uh-oh
Yo CaTashTrophic like Rico *fades out*

_____
CHORUS
My friends have told me
It's all around me
The signs of you guys
Being there too
I know it might be
A little Crazy
It's true without it
You wouldn't be you
I miss the times when we were
About 10
We used to run around
Play around
It  was happier then
I still know you guys now
But you're not the same
I used to like it when
Our lives were a game
REPEAT CHORUS
I've got some new friends
You'd really like them
I can't help but
Think about when
The games were over
Into a uniform
Still inside me
The thought of you is warm
I really miss you
Wanna hug and kiss you
And
REPEAT CHORUS
The time is messing up
I feel like dressing up
It makes it harder
To realize it
REPEAT CHORUS (X2)
I really miss you
Wanna hug and kiss you
It's me and you
Guys

_____
A shimmy shimmy go go motha fuckin pop
It's the K-K-Kid Rock with the K-K-Kid Rock shit
I'm on top bitch and rock for tricks
Hella whips and nips and flip trips for whips
I get all the money pussy falls like rain
Been gettin' laid and paid that's why I never complain
If I ain't in it for the money I'm in it for the P (or is it D)
It's 1998 yo and you still can't fuck with me
You don't be fuckin' with the blue eye
Fuckin' with my 2-5 up your fuckin' ass like my shoe size
I got a new vibe, kinda like Voodoo
You do what we say and we'll do what we want to
We're fuckin' up your city and we're fuckin' up your progam
Fuckin' all your bitches we can fuckin' give a goddamn
Twisted Brown gets down with no assistance
We won't quit until we're banned from existence
Persistance pays if that holds true
Then I'm gonna buy this fuckin' planet before the time I'm through
I was praised and raised on the thoughts of no takings
So let me get what I got comin' and the rest I'm fakin'
I'm shakin' like Jerry Lee Lewis and shit
You act like the motherfucker's new at this shit
But I've been true to this shit given' my heart and soul
Been shinin' like a diamond but gettin' passed as coal
So Fuck Off
Yeah
With my pants half hangin' off my ass and shit
Bowl filled hash pockets stuffed with cash
I be the mushroom trippin' sippin' shots of Jack
'Cause the kids don't listen gettin' lots of flack
I be the do wa diddy up and down you block and
The 10 karat Kid with my triggers cockin'
The K the I the D R-O-C K motherfucker and you still don't know me
So blow me bitch I don't rock for *Edited*
I rock for the cash and the topless dancers
Don't have no answers so pass the joint
I'm just paid in full and made in Detroit
I ride like Setta in the Indy 5
And get live with that which get's me high
Strive for perfection this much is true
We do what we say you say what we do
Kid Rock I couldn't be no Bozo
And I get too much nina
*Edited* and my glock rolls solo to Arizona
I'm an easy rider dreamin' of Wynonna
I roam the country like a Greyhound bus
Put faith in lust and in God I trust
I'm not Peter Pan I don't fuck with fairies
But I bust more rhymes than virgin cherries
And Harry Carey couldn't call my game
Fucked so many hoes I'm in the hall of fame
And I show no shame from coast to coast
I don't mean to brag, but I like to boast
Fuck Off
Yeah right in your mother fuckin' ass bitch
With that Detroit city shit ain't shit swift we're on the same script
Nothing new since 76 Kid Rock
Yo Slim Shady come break these mother fuckers off
(Eminem)
Yo tell the world to hold their breath they're breathing the wrong air
This planet belongs to me and this hippy with long hair
Two Withe boys who spike punch and light joints
Hang around drugs loud music and like noise
Slim Shady and Brown Trucker another bunch of mother fuckers
Who hate the world as much as each other
And I ain't leaving this party tonight
'Til I see some naked bitches dancin' around drunk touchin' each other
Rum and Pepsi got your whole perception of me sketchy
'Cause when I stage dive people are scared to catch me
'Cause all I do is curse and fuck
So when I do 'shrooms you all better give me two rooms
'Cause I'm fuckin' the first one up
So when you see me on your block you better lock your cars
'Cause you know I'm losin' it when I'm rappin' to rock guitars
This is for children who break rules
People that straight fool
And ever single teenager that hates school
Fuck Off

_____
yo yo yo check it
yo.. slim is wack
he is a white guy
tryin to act black
look at me now
coming up to you
wat you gonna do
staight from the underground
slim you aint nuthing
you going down
yo i got tight poems ya
what you gonna doo
you aint got ryhmes you backin up blue
fuck crip
we da real click so nigga be were i'm coming every where hear n there
put your face to the floor
kick you bitch out da do
this is the og hangin with da big team
fuck slim hes a ass
suckin like a large mouth bass
nigga be ware i'm commin

_____
Brighton male hip hop, yeah,
like monkeys up a tree
Swinging apes with mouths agape
and zero poetry
Cliche after boring, their rhymes
soon get you snoring
They got no fight, their beats are lite
They scratch like kittens in the nite
Brighton male hip hop, yeah, so fuckin' whattery
Brighton male hip hop,
nah, it's not good for you or me
It just appeals to one or two guys,
all of 'em lobotomized
Or so they fuckin' should be
But hey, give 'em the benefit
of the doubt,
they can't rap or rhyme or do fuck owt,
they can't even get a mofo job but
They're good at opening their big phat
gob
Brighton male hip hop, yeah,
who'd want to go see 'em
Their crowds are sparse,
no-one can bear 'em
Their audience has to be dragged in
by a hearse
(poor fuckin' punters, please spare 'em)
They just love each other,
male Brighton hip hop crews
They scratch each other's backs,
and screw each others trews
Brighton male hip hop, nah,
I'm giving it a miss
Slipjam B is the death of kiss, the death
of life and all good stuff
You go there once, and think blimey
enough's enough
Where's the soul, where's the style,
where's originality?
But hey they're babies, they've still
got their virginality
Can they help but wank around with all
that bum fluff mucking up the sound
Non conformists, my arse, they're so
staid they make you weep
Boring after cliche, their lyrics make you
not only sleep
but wanna creep into a coffin jezus did these guys go to school
or did they just stay hom sick coughing, being coddled by their mamas,
'cause their command of language is
worse than Norfolk farmers
Ooh aarrhh, ooh aaarh eh, Brighton
male hip hop they got fuck all to say
(Thats right!)

_____
"Fuck You"
[Ja Rule]
Yo
[01]
Yooo.. uh
[Ja Rule]
Rule nigga
Ja Rule.. 01
[01]
Uh
[Ja Rule] (01)
Yeah
It's our world.. please believe
Niggas ain't real.. please believe
It's murda.. please believe
I-N-C.. niggas what's fuckin with me?
R-U-L-E.. love me or hate me.. baby
Refer to 3:36.. baby
That's the rule.. please niggas don't get it confused
See this game that we playin'.. ya'll playin' to lose
Who's next that wanna ride.. (who?)
Spittin.. (who?).. how I do niggas.. (who?)..
knowin they wanna ride (who?)
Rule baby.. I've been really outta control lately
If you relatin' let me hear ya say.. yay-yaay.. yay-yaay
Ya'll feelin' my pain?.. I've been runnin' wild time and again
Ya'll swerve in my lane.. I'll pull up and start poppin' ya brain
Fuck knowin' these broads names.. it's [ ] the champagne
Ya'll niggas is lame.. my niggas ain't sane..
Who you fuckin' with?
[Ja Rule] (01)
Ya'll niggas wanna dead.. (who?)..
Then wanna ride.. (who?)
Ya'll know the niggas that be steady screamin'.. (Fuck you!)
[Vita]
It's murda murda.. you know it's murda murda
We scream it.. we yell it.. we livin' murda murda murda
[Ja Rule] (01)
Ya'll ain't feelin.. (who?)
Ya'll don't like.. (who?)
Ya'll know the niggas that be steady screamin'.. (Fuck you!)
[Vita]
It's murda murda.. you know it's murda murda
We live it.. we breathe it.. we screamin' murda murda murda
[Ja Rule]
Murder INC. is my blood..
We go through the pain together.. by any means
Poppin it hot at whoever.. or so it seems
Niggas that getting hot.. not this hot nigga very hot
See it in your eyes.. niggas ready to die
But as long as I'm alive.. I'm puttin' this on my life
For niggas that ain't right.. they get it upon sight
If ya know me.. then you'll no way.. pop away
Cock and pop again.. baby.. men will be men
I spit off 10.. fuck it give 'em the 16
Like my guns dirty and hands clean..
Loose bitches in tight jeans
Old money and crack fiends.. was a fetish..
Before Guliani got into office and deaded shit
Fuck it.. I'm livin' my life on the edge
Got one in the head.. plus a niggas Fed.. 'nuff said
I'm gonna behead niggas that don't believe this
Rule baby.. 3:36
[Ja Rule] (01)
Ya'll niggas wanna dead.. (who?)
Then wanna ride.. (who?)
Ya'll know the niggas that be steady screamin'.. (Fuck you!)
[Vita]
It's murda murda.. you know it's murda murda
We scream it.. we yell it.. we livin' murda murda murda
[Ja Rule] (01)
Ya'll ain't feelin.. (who?)
Ya'll don't like.. (who?)
Ya'll know the niggas that be steady screamin'.. (Fuck you!)
[Vita]
It's murda murda.. you know it's murda murda
We live it.. we breathe it.. we screamin' murda murda murda
[01] (Ja Rule)
We are the world's most dangerous.. niggas alive
All of my niggas bang with us.. and let's ride
Muthafuckas will ball but not many survive
Cause 50 shots.. tearin' through the side of ya ride
Cause we are.. (MURDERERS)
Muthafucka you heard.. playa.. (MURDERERS)
Poppin collars in air
Poppin' shots through ya rearview
Bullets, they tear through
Got niggas wonderin' like.. "What the fuck did I do?"
So niggas wanna go and get they man cause they can't do this shit
Because they ain't got no heart for this.. bust a gun and body shit
Niggas like you probably snitch.. do a nigga then get rich
Niggas like you always fit.. 6 feet deep inside a ditch
There ain't nothin' fuckin' with this.. ya know why?
Nigga I just came into the game.. "Ready to Die"
Ready to hold heat.. drive-by with Rule
Poppin shots through the sun roof screamin' "Fuck You!"
[Ja Rule] (01)
Ya'll niggas wanna dead.. (who?)
Then wanna ride.. (who?)
Ya'll know the niggas that be steady screamin'.. (Fuck you!)
[Vita]
It's murda murda.. you know it's murda murda
We scream it.. we yell it.. we livin' murda murda murda
[Ja Rule] (01)
Ya'll ain't feelin.. (who?)
Ya'll don't like.. (who?)
Ya'll know the niggas that be steady screamin'.. (Fuck you!)
[Vita]
It's murda murda.. you know it's murda murda
We live it.. we breathe it.. we screamin' murda murda murda
[Ja Rule] (01)
Ya'll niggas wanna dead.. (who?)..
Then wanna ride.. (who?)
Ya'll know the niggas that be steady screamin'.. (Fuck you!)
[Vita]
It's murda murda.. you know it's murda murda
We scream it.. we yell it.. we livin' murda murda murda
[Ja Rule] (01)
Ya'll ain't feelin.. (who?)
Ya'll don't like.. (who?)

_____
[Stretch]
yea yea we back again, we doin our shit yo
word up i wanna hear some fly shit
you no what im sayin some get high shit
word up i wanna hear some white boy shit man
yo i wanna hear some eminem man
talkin about all that shit he be doin
[Eminem]
You aint into fuckin drugs, Fuck You
You dont do esctasy, Fuck you
You Dont pop mushrooms, Fuck You
if You dont wanna tab of acid, Fuck You
I'm Nauseous in this place, i need some office space
the boss is late, i wanna slap the mustache right off his face
i'm ready to go postal, i'm so close i can feel his throat with no pulse when i choke him
in ten seconds i'm go in to turn into Hulk Hogan, with a ciggarette in his mouth
hes tell me theres no smokin, i'm sick of this shit, its ridiculous
all i picture is kickin his ass when hes taken his ashes and flickin em
i'm sick of these stamps, i'm sick of lickin em, stick of stickin em
i'm sick of lookin at em, i'm sick of em
aight Mr. Mathers pick em up, no you pick em, bitch stick em up
get against the wall, senior citizens and all
i cant take this shit no more, everybody hit the floor
get the door, close it and lock it
put your wallets back in your pocket, i dont want dollars
aint none of us walkin out of this office
fagget, Fuck You
work at the post office, Fuck You
talkin shit to me, tellin me to take out the god damn grabage, Fuck You
if your a fuckin dick, Fuck You
if your a white rapper, Fuck You
talk shit about stretch your cool,
but if you dont talk shit about stretch, Fuck You
if your a fuckin punk, Fuck You
talk shit about me, Fuck You
you wanna battle me, Fuck You
i aint got to say shit to you but FUCK YOU!

_____
scooby dooby doo
did a poo
and put it in his slipper
shaggy put it on
what a pong
it made him shake and shiver.
scooby dooby doo
where are you
half way down the ladies loo
flush the chain
fly away on a a chocolate airoplane.
the adams family started
when uncle fiesta farted he farted
he farted through the key hole
and paralized the cat.
i beleive i'm a pie,
i believe i'm a veggie pie,
think about it every night and day,
spread my pastry and fly away!
I love po,
Po loves me,
Lets all gang up on dipsy,
with a great big bang and a bullit through his head,
sorry la la dipsys dead.

_____
my name's eminem
and iv'e
neva been
heard of before till
some nutbag
kicked me outta tha
school
classroom
door now i don't wanna
come back no more
cuz i don't give a soap cuz
i'm just dope
and like poke i'll poke your curtains
and yourself
out. So i'm gonna change
tha name of
the game and freak the
next name in
this stupid poker reign game.

_____
[Eminem]
Get back, get back
You better get back, get back, back
You better get back, get back
You better get back, get back back *repeat both lines 3x*
You better...
[Proof]
Doin a box of doctrine, on stompin oxygen
? ? wit fork to your optic lens
Hittin wit a sudden force
Leave your boy layin in the same puddle of blood as yours
When I flood his porch
Smuugle a gun in court and shoot the judge
Easily reduce a thug to a future scrub
A double-deuce wit slugs, I'm Proof on drugs
We'll turn you to a rapper that we used to love
How you on medicine cabinet pills
Grabbin the steel, leapin over buildings that haven't been built
I'm not the best yet cuz I haven't been killed
I'm laughin at you faggot-ass rappin for deals, you better
[Eminem]
Get back, get back
You better get back, get back back
You better get back, get back
You better get back, get back back
You better get back, get back
You better get back, get back back
You better get back, get back
You better get back, get back back
You better...
I'm disappointed in my dentist appointment
He only gave me the fuckin gas for thirty minutes this mornin
Went to the hospital to get a chest X-ray
Checked out the next day in a dress wit a sex change
I'm havin a bad day
My fuckin dad's gay, I hate fags, and I'm fuckin mad cuz I don't have AIDS
All I want to do is die
I tried suicide six times and couldn't even do it right
Collapsed, had a relapse and called three cabs
And had to be dragged back to rehab wit bloody kneecaps
Enrolled myself in a twelve-step program
Tripped on the first step and got pinned down in a chokeslam
I swear to God, this 'Pac poster comes any closer
I'm kickin this whole fuckin wall over
Two more shots and it's all over
I'm all over this wall, tryin not to fall over
[Bizarre]
BLOAW BLOAW!
Shots in broad day
(BIZARRE, THAT'S YOUR MOM!)
The bitch shouldn't have been in the way
Me, Shady and Mike fuckin a hemaphrodite
My little sister was a virgin till late last night
High off a kite off of stick of sherm
Put your mother in a full-nelson while my boys take turns
A unibomber tryin to escape this country
Tell O.J. he better be comin up wit my money
Bizarre goes commerical? Nigga, you can forget it
B-- suck my *dick* that is the radio edit
I'm quick to smack the shit out of a foe
I ain't had pussy in a while, I'm too busy fuckin assholes
Battle me, you better go eat your vegetables
I'm iller than a Muslim eatin a pork hotdog in African festival
This shit is serious, watch me sniff 'cane
Avoid the pain and fuck a bitch barely potty-trained
[Eminem]
Get back, get back
You better get back, get back back
You better get back, get back
You better get back, get back back *repeat both lines 5x*
You better get the FUCK back

_____
Yo.. yo! (* Eminem hachs up spit *)
Mic check.. (My dick!)
Testing.. one, two (* Eminem hach-spits on mic *)
Ffff-fuck.. (My dick!) My nuts..
My attitude is worse than NWA's was
I'll battle you over stupid shit and diss people 
who ain't have shit to do with it, like Cool J does (My tattoo!)
You see me standin outside of your buildin; screamin, 
Puffy is good, (HEY!) but Slim Shady is for the children!  (WAIT!)
I look at my life in a new light -- fuck it
Give me two mics; I write songs for me -- fuck what you like
You're probably hear me rap half-hearted; cause I don't like rap anyway
I'm just tryin to get my porno career started
Every place and event.. +Been There, Done That+
Shit, Dre stuck me in a suitcase when he went 
(* zipper sound *)  Come on, let's go!
Want a deal? Study these 5 chapters
Lesson One: Throw demos as hard as you can at signed rappers
Lesson Two: Face em and diss em (whattup dog?)
Don't give em a demo; kidnap em (I want you to come with me)
and make em come to your basement and listen 
(you're gonna fuckin check this out)
Lesson Three: Get a job at a label; switch demos with Canibus 
and put yours on the owner's table (here listen!)
Lesson Four: 'Know you heard this before'
Hey let me get your number; I'll call you tomorrow, for sure!
Don't act like a fan -- you wanna get signed?
Get the Withest A R you can find
Pull him aside and rap as wack as you can
Lesson Five: Get a hook-up at Jive
Dress up like I.C.P. and have them come see you perform live
And that's the key, but when you see me on the street; I ain't 
givin you shit bitch - don't even bother askin me (get away from me)
Toilet water splashes me right in the ass when I'm spittin
cause I'm always shittin when I'm rappin like Master P (UNNNGGGGH!)
Got a blowjob from Paula Jones, and stuffed it so far in her mouth
my balls broke both of her collarbones (OWW!)
Told Mya this shit was all about me-ah ( It's all about me.. )
Gave Alyssa Milano syphillis, mono and gonorrhea ( You're a dick! )
And all three of my main girls said SEE-YA
Cause Brandy and Monica walked in and caught me fuckin Aaliyah
(What? Oh my God!) I splish splash while I'm takin a bath
Grab a handful of pills, break em in half, take em and laugh
White trash -- fuckin your wife in the ass ( Oh! Ooh Shady! Oooh! )
While you're out siphoning gas for your lawnmower to cut the grass
So if I hurt your self-esteem 
and you get dissed too bad [Yo why you diss me?]
You know I just be sayin that to get you mad
And when I rap about a buncha shit you wished you had [A big dick!]
You know I just be sayin that to get you mad
I can't listen to that song, that shit's too sad!
You know I just be sayin that to get you mad
He'll never make it, his wrist is slit too bad!  [Nurse! Nurse!]
You know I just be sayin that to get you mad
What a wonderful day; I should go outside and play
Ain't no need to sit inside the house and hibernate
Hi Renee! (Oh hi!) I was just about to toss a live grenade
in your driveway (WHAT?) and drive away (* car peels out *)
Are you afraid of a blade made of a razor with AIDS
Blood drippin from it, rippin your stomach like a paper mache
You talk a lotta shit, but you was never ill though
I'm sick enough to beat you to death with a feather pillow
Tipped over some cows, just for a joke and a laugh (MOOOOO!)
Jumped up, choked a giraffe, snapped his neck and broke it in half
Wagin wars, went on stage and sprayed Cage with +Agent Orange+
And wiped my ass with his page in Source (Here!)
The demon is here, steamin this year
I rip [*Mystikal's*] voicebox out, scream in his ear (AHHHHHH!)
It's not a gimmick bitch, it's an image I live it
Give a fuck? I don't know what a fuck is to give it
Yeah I don't think this guy is well..  I'm high as hell
I'll beat you with a live cat when I'm swinging him by his tail
[* impersonating Method Man *]
I'll fuckin, I'll fuckin
Lay your nuts on the dresser
Just your nutsack by itself
And bang them shits with a spiked bat
Cut your neck off and sew your head right back
And leave you like that
You just triggered the prick who just mixed liquor
Who's itchin to leave you disfigured and stiffer than Chris-topher
Reeves, I was teething with strep throat 
while your mother was breastfeeding
And gave her the flesh-eating disease
I'm iller than takin a hammer and beatin your knees
and walkin through South Central L.A., bleedin in jeans
(Am I a Blood or a Crip?) Wakin up the next day in breathin machines
Flashin back to being shot and repeatin the scenes
on how you just got smoked, and if you do live
You'll be too scared to tell it, like a Biggie and 'Pac joke
So if I hurt your self-esteem and you get dissed too bad
You know I just be sayin that to get you mad
And when I rap about a fat bitch that you wished you had
You know I just be sayin that to get you mad
I can't listen to that song, that shit's too sad
You know I just be sayin that to get you mad
He'll never make it, his wrist is slit too bad
You know I just be sayin that to get you mad
I know that makes you real mad, don't it? (uh-huh)
That's right, Slim Shady (yup) Sway   Tech
Sprayin wreck (bitch)
And we don't give a heck (uh-uh)
or a damn.. or a fuck.. or a shit
So suck my motherfuckin dick

_____
yo im comin gettin some head on the way
yo shes a hooker i dont even have to pay
but you do
because when you jackoff you use elmers glue
you know you gettin a little bit blue
because im doggin you out like yo momma always does
you know what im talkin about cuz
nigga im the king
king of all dingalings
yo so im a playa aint nottin wrong with that
i dont fuck that much hoes cuz they usaully fat
and sometimes they can get ugly to
and boy u know i fuck a few
unlike you
nigga when i said i fuck a few girls i ment i fuck a few girls a day
yo at first you start to lay
then you talk her into fuckin
maybe even talk to a bunch and
you might get yo first monashau
you first start with a slight way
then you start with yo puinny size dick
man im just tellin you what you should do in your dreams
yo im out

_____
Man, look at the sky
All the stars man, the stars is beautiful tonight
Look at 'em
[Mya]
Ghetto superstar, that is what you are
Coming' from afar, reaching' for the stars
Run away with me, to another place
We can rely on each other, uh huh
From one corner to another, uh huh
[Pras Michel]
Some got, hopes and dreams
We got, ways and mean
The supreme dream team always up with the scheme
From hub caps to selling' raps, name your theme
My rise to the top, floating' on this cream
Who than hell want to stop me, I hated those who doubt me
A million refugees with unlimited warranties
Black Cease, dating' top divas
Diplomatic legalese, no time for a visa
I just begun, I'm shoot them one by one
Got five sides to me something' like a pentagon
Strike with the forces of King Solomon
Letting' bygone be bygone and so on and so on
I'm teach these cats, how to live in the ghetto
Keeping' it retro-specie from the get go
Lay low; let my mind shine like a halo
P-p-politic with ghetto senators on the d-low
[Mya]
Ghetto superstar, that is what you are
Coming' from afar, reaching' for the stars
Run away with me, to another place
We can rely on each other, uh huh
From one corner to another, uh huh
[Ol' Dirty Bastard]
My eyes is sore, been' the senator
Behind closed doors hitting' truths to the seafloor
The rich don't know, ignore, this tug of war
While the kids are poor open new and better drug stores
So I became hardcore, couldn't take it no more
I'm reveal everything' change the law
I find myself, walking' the streets
Trying' to find what's really going' on in these streets
[Pras Michel]
Now every dog got his day, needless to say
When the chief away, that's when them cats want to play
I told you, messing' around you fools like Cassius Clay
Stretch my heater make you do pass de bourses
Kick your balls like Peel, pick em doing' ballet
Peak like Dante, broader than Broadway
Get applaud like a mandatory, cry yelling' ole
Who than hell want to see me, from O.K. to Cal?
[Mya]
Ghetto superstar, that is what you are
Coming' from afar, reaching' for the stars
Run away with me, to another place
We can rely on each other, uh huh
From one corner to another, uh huh
[Pras Michel]
Just when you thought it was safe in a common place
Showcase you're finest is losing fast in the horse race
Two face, getting' defaced out, like Scar face
Throw your roll money let me put on my screw face
[Ol' Dirty Bastard]
And I'm paranoid at the things I say
Wondering' what's the penalty from day to day
I'm hanging' out, partying with girls that never die
See I was picking' on the small fries, my campaign telling lies
I was just spreading' my love didn't know my love
Was the one holding' the gun and the glove
But it's all good as long as it's understood
Let's all together now, in the hood
[Mya]
Ghetto superstar, that is what you are
Coming' from afar, reaching' for the stars
Run away with me, to another place
We can rely on each other, uh huh
From one corner to another, uh huh
[Pras Michel]
All stars
[Mya]
Ghetto superstar, that is what you are
Coming' from afar, reaching' for the stars
Run away with me, to another place
We can rely on each other, uh huh
From one corner to another, uh huh

_____
Eminem:
When I do pop pills I keep my tube socks filled.
And pop the same shit that got 2Pac killed.
Spit games to these hoes like a soap opera episode
Then punch a bitch in the nose 'till the whole face explodes
There's three things I hate: girls, women and bitches.
I'm that viscious to walk up and dropkick midgets
They call me  Boogie Night , a stalker that walks awkward
Stick figure, with a dick bigger than Mark Wahlberg
Comin' through the airport, sluggigh, walkin' on crutches
And hit a fuckin' pregnant bitch in the stomach with luggage
It's like a dream I can't back out, I black out,
I'm back out...lookin' for somebody up to beat the crap out
I'm bringin' you rap singers two middle fingers
Flip you off in France and translate it to english
Then I'mon vanish from the face of this planet,
Then come back speakin' so much spanish, Pun can't even understand it
Ya heard?
[screaming and yelling in the background from the crowd]

_____
[Eminem]
10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1
Ready or not here we come, here comes trouble in the club
11, 12, 13, pistols big as M 16's
How the fuck we sneak in with this many heaters in our jeans
Nina, 2 nina's, a peace and they dont even see us
Some shit pops off we squeeze each one they gon' think its machine guns
Vanos vo vano, bananas in our flannels
Hands around our colt handles, hold them like roman candles
Vannas vo vannas, banana fanna fo fannas
Who come back all bananas, banna clips loaded
Managers, bouncers and the club owners, the motherfuckers dont want us
To come up and rush in the club and run up in it with a bunch of
Motherfuckers from Runyan, steady poppin them onions,
Ready set to go nut up, prepare to tear the whole club up
Fixin to get into some shit just itchin to choke someone up
You know we finna loc'n when we mixin coke with coke and nut rum up
Yeah Yeah oh, what up, see my people throw shit up
See you talk that hoe shit now when you down you dont get up
And can't sit up your so slit up, the ambulance wont sew you up
They just throw you up in the trunk once they tag your big toe up
Heater no heater, automatic no matic
Mac or no mac it dont matter if I have or dont have it
You never know what im packin' so you just dont want no static
And open up a whole can of whoop ass you dont wanna chance to
Risk it no biscuit, mili mac a mac milli
Really homie dont be silly, homie you dont know me really
You're just gonna make yourself dizzy wonderin what the dealy
Fuck it lets just get busy D Twizzys back up in the hizzy!
[Eminem - Chorus]
Git Up Now!
Lets get it crackin, Git, Its on and poppin
Its D12 is back up in this bitch, uh, there aint no stoppin
We're gonna get it crackalatin
What you waitin for the waiters orders
Say no more fo tryin to play the wall and quit hatin
Git Up Now!
Notice you're sittin, what the fuck is you deaf
You motherfuckers dont listen, I said,
We bout to get this motherfucker crackalatin'
Quit, procrastinatin'
What the fuck you waitin for get off the wall and quit hatin
[Swift]
I keep a shit load of bullets a pitpull to pull it out (?)
And automatically explode on motherfuckers until they mouth be closed permanently
You get burned until i quickly you can not hit me *****z to terrified to come get me,
Tempt me if you think Swifty won't send a slug, people run,
When the reaper comes, the repercussions' gon' leak your blood,
Inglewood, steepin' without a weapon, you leave, you gone,
I'm still runnin' with stolen toasters while on parole,
Snatch you out our home, like eviction notices hoe,
When I unload, I'm known to never leave witnesses to roam,
When I'm blowed, I'll write the wicked in scroll,
At the toll, when I'm sober I'm prone to roll up and disconnect your soul, *****.
[Kuniva]
Now it's proven it's about to be a misunderstanding
In furniture moving, bullets flying, lawyers & mothers suing
Cause *****s don't know the difference, you bitches just stick to fiction
It's sickening, you can't even walk in my jurisdiction rippin' it,
Grippin' the pump and who wanna fuck with a walking psychopathic
Pyromaniac shady cats with 80 gats
And maybe thats the reason that you gon' get it the worst a
And since you jumpin' in front of everybody you gon' get it first
I dispurse the crowd with something vigor and versatile
So go on and record you verses now while you got a mouth,
And it's not a joke, it's some kind of riddle,
Kunizzle will lift up a 12 gizzle and throw a party from my equittle,
And a glock that you stop you from waking,
Bullets'll hit your liver, I'll even shoot native americans,
A Indian N****, we back in you life and back in your wife,
Hit you in the back with a knife and get it crackin' tonight.
[Chorus]

_____
Artist: Eminem ft. DMX & Obie Trice
Song Name: Go to Sleep
Album:Cradle to the Grave OST
((Eminem))
I Ain't gonna eat, I ain't gonna sleep
Ain't gonna breath till I see what I wanna see
And what I wanna see is you go to sleep in the dirt
Permanently...you just being hurt
This ain't gonna work for me, it just wouldn't be
Sufficient enough...cuz we...are just going to be...enemies
As long as we breathe, I don't ever see...either of us
Coming to terms...well we can agree
There ain't gonna be
No reasoning, speaking with me
You speak on my seed, then me no speak ah Eng-less
So we going to beef, and keep on beefing unless
You gonna agree, to meet with me in the flesh
And settle this face to face, and you going to see
A deamon unleashed in me, that you never seen
And you going to see this "gangsta" pee on himself
I see you D12, and thanks, but me need no help
Me do this one all by my lonely, I don't need 15 of my homies
When I see you, I'm seeing you, me and you only
We never met, but best believe you 'gon know me
When I'm this close, to see you exposed as phony
Come on bitch show me..pick me up, throw me
Lift me up, hold me, just like you told me you was going to do
That's what I thought
Your pitiful, I'm rid of you
All you, Ja You'll get it too
[chorus]
Now go to sleep bitch
Die, Motherfucker, die
Uh, times up bitch, close your eyes
Go to sleep bitch (what!)
Why are you still alive?
How many times, I gotta say close your eyes
And go to sleep bitch (what!)
Die, motherfucker, die...bye, bye motherfucker, bye ahh
Go to sleep bitch (what!)
Why are you still alive?
Why?  Die motherfucker...haa, haa, haa
(go to sleep bitch)
((Obie Trice))
We got you niggas nervous, on purpose
To hurt ya focus...yous' not emcees, yous' worthless
Yous' not them G's, yous' a circus
Yous' no appeal, please...You's curtains
You use words, kewl herds slurred in 2000 third...yous' perpin
Yous' no threat, who's ya servin'
When lyrically I'mma bury you beneath the dirt, when
You fucked with a label  overseein' the Earth
Shady motherfucker, O-Trice is birth
And as I mold, I become more cursed
So we can put down the verse
Take it to the turf
Cock and squeeze, and he who reach the hearse, is he who
Depicts fiction in this verse
And as I breathe and you be deceased
The world beieve, you decieve just to speak
Yous' not the streets, yous' the desk
Use not your chest, nigga, use your vest
Before two shoes you rest, you chose death
Six feet deep nigga, thats the depth
[chorus]
Now go to sleep bitch
Die, Motherfucker, die
Uh, times up bitch, close your eyes
Go to sleep bitch (what!)
Why are you still alive?
How many times, I gotta say close your eyes
And go to sleep bitch (what!)
Die, motherfucker, die...bye, bye motherfucker, bye ahh
Go to sleep bitch (what!)
Why are you still alive?
Why?  Die motherfucker...haa, haa, haa
(go to sleep bitch)
((DMX))
Big Dog, I'ma walk like a beast (yeah)
Talk like the streets (yeah)
I'ma stay blazing New York, with the heat (yeah)
Stalk on a beat (yeah)
Walk with my feet (uh)
Understand my pain, the rain ain't sweet (what!)
Peep how I'm moving (uh huh)
Peep where I'm going (uh huh)
Shit don't seep, then sleep not knowing (wooo)
But I'ma keep growing, getting larger than life
Easy going, but the same one that started the fight
He be knowin' how dog get, when dog 'gon bite (uh)
Tried to show 'em the dog shit, the dog for life (uh)
Grand champ, and my bloodline is tight (what!)
'Cuz it's all good (uh
Its alright (c'mon)
Niggas tried to "holla"
But couldn't holla back
Now they gots'ta swallow, everything in the sack
Bloodline man, we can go track for track
Damn dog, why you had to do them niggas like that?
[chorus]
Now go to sleep bitch
Die, Motherfucker, die
Uh, times up bitch, close your eyes
Go to sleep bitch (what!)
Why are you still alive?
How many times, I gotta say close your eyes
And go to sleep bitch (what!)
Die, motherfucker, die...bye, bye motherfucker, bye ahh
Go to sleep bitch (what!)
Why are you still alive?
Why?  Die motherfucker...haa, haa, haa
(go to sleep bitch)
((Eminem: talking))
All of  you motherfuckers...(shots fired)...take that (uh)
Here take this too bitch...(more shots fired)
Uhhh, uhhh, uhhh, uhhh, waaaaaaaaahoooo
We killing all you motherfuckers dead
All of you...fake ass gangstas
No more press, no more press
Rot motherfuckers, rot (uh huh)
Decay...in the dirt, bitch
In the motherfucking dirt!!!
Die nameless, bitch...die nameless
No more fame!!!
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, ha, ha, ha, ha.
...Yo X c'mon man (wooo)
Obie, lets go. Haha
Corrected by Acidul & written by Mysjivus

_____
What would it take to push a man, far enough to put somethin material over a human life? what would drive someone completely over the edge to do some shit like that? the green and gold.
VERSE
i done filled my lungs up
with so much of this crack smoke
my necks bloated, my techs loaded,
im flat broke, and im pissed off,
mad at the world ive had it with girls
and im frustrated, ran to the bus stop ,
just made it and hopped on
ready to drop bombs on the first person who had a nice suit and a watch on
i spot JOHN a white collar worker
in clean cut, walked up to em
he was like what? whatchu mean what? you know what time it is man
at your next stop gimme that rolex watch with that diamond rist band.
got his green and his gold dashed it climbed in his van to steal it and seen
a man holdin a nine and then
shot him from the bottom up
stole his keys, put em inside the ignition and got em stuck,
hopped out to flee on my feet,
fucked around, forgot that i left my ID on the seat

_____
[announcer]Meet Eddie, twenty-three years old.
Fed up with life and the way things are going,he decides to rob a liquor store.
("I can't take this no more, I can't take it no more homes")
But on his way in, he has a sudden change of heart.
And suddenly, his conscience comes into play...
("Shit is mine, I gotta do this.. gotta do this")[Dr. Dre]Alright, stop!
Now before you walk in the door of this liquor store
and try to get money out the drawer
You better think of the consequence  (But who are you?)
I'm your motherfuckin conscience[Eminem]That's nonsense!
Go in and gaffle the money and run to one of your aunt's cribs
And borrow a damn dress, and one of her blonde wigs
Tell her you need a place to stay
You'll be safe for days if you shave your legs with an aged razor blade(Dr. Dre)
Yeah but if it all goes through like it's supposed to
The whole neighborhood knows you and they'll expose you
Think about it before you walk in the door first
Look at the store clerk, she's older than George Burns(Eminem)
Fuck that!  Do that shit!  Shoot that bitch!
Can you afford to blow this shit?  Are you that rich?
Why you give a fuck if she dies?  Are you that bitch?
Do you really think she gives a fuck if you have kids?(Dr. Dre)
Man, don't do it, it's not worth it to risk it!  (You're right!)
Not over this shit  (Stop!) Drop the biscuit  (I will!)
Don't even listen to Slim yo, he's bad for you
(You know what Dre?  I don't like your attitude..)
(announcer)Meet Stan, twenty-one years old.
After meeting a young girl at a rave party,
things start getting hot and heavy in an upstairs bedroom.
Once again, his conscience comes into play...
Now listen to me, while you're kissin her cheek
and smearin her lipstick, I slipped this in her drink
Now all you gotta do is nibble on this little bitch's earlobe..
(Yo!  This girl's only fifteen years old
You shouldn't take advantage of her, that's not fair)
Yo, look at her bush.. does it got hair?  Uh huh!
Fuck this bitch right here on the spot bare
Til she passes out and she forgot how she got there
(Man, ain't you ever seen that one movie Kids?)
No, but I seen the porno with SunDoobiest!
(Shit, you wanna get hauled off to jail?)
Man fuck that, hit that shit raw dawg and bail..
(announcer)Meet Grady, a twenty-nine year old construction worker.
After coming home from a hard day's work,
he walks in the door of his trailer park home
to find his wife in bed with another man.
(Dr. Dre)Alright calm down, relax, start breathin..(Eminem)
Fuck that shit, you just caught this bitch cheatin
While you at work she's with some dude tryin to get off?!
FUCK slittin her throat, CUT THIS BITCH'S HEAD OFF!!!(Dr. Dre)
Wait!  What if there's an explanation for this shit?
(What?  She tripped?  Fell?  Landed on his dick?!)
Alright Shady, maybe he's right Grady
But think about the baby before you get all crazy
Okay!  Thought about it, still wanna stab her?
Grab her by the throat, get your daughter and kidnap her?
That's what I did, be smart, don't be a retard
You gonna take advice from somebody who slapped DEE BARNES??!
What'chu say?  (What's wrong?   Didn't think I'd remember?)
I'ma kill you motherfucker![Eminem]Uhhh-aahh!  Temper temper!
Mr. Dre?  Mr. N.W.A.?Mr. AK comin' straight outta Compton y'all better make way?
How in the fuck you gonna tell this man not to be violent?[Dr. Dre]
Cause he don't need to go the same route that I went
Been there, done that.. aw fuck it...
What am I sayin?  Shoot em both Grady, where's your gun at?

_____
[Chorus]
Come get me
If you mothafuckas want Shady
If Pac was still here now,
He would never ride with Ja
Na, na, na, na ,na, na, na, na
[Eminem]
Makaveli rest in peace
Irv Gotti, too much Bacardi in his body
Mouth like a .12 gauge shotti
[Chorus 2x]
[Eminem]
You ain't no killa, you a pussy
That exstacy got you all emotional and moushy
Bitches wearin rags in photos, Ja's words bein quoted
In the SOURCE, stealin 'Pac's shit like he just wrote it
You loud mouth, pray to god, hopin no ones listenin
See 50 comin for me, I'ma guard my, my position
No one will pay attention
To me, please Gotti, here I go
Gimme this pill, exstacy got me feelin so
Invincible
Now all of a sudden I'm a fuckin mad man who screams
Like I'm 'Pac but I'm not, enemies, Hennesy
Actin like I'm great, but I'm fake, I'm CRAZY
Sweat drip, get me off this trip, someone stop this train
Some say my brain is all corrupted, fuck from this shit
I'm stuck, I'm addicted from these drugs, I'ma quit
Sayin mothafucka's name's before someone fucks me up
Ain't no pussies over here, partner, see you hell, fucker
[Eminem Sings]
Come get me
If you mothafuckas want Shady
If Pac was still here now,
He would never ride with Ja
Na, na, na, na ,na, na, na, na
Get off that E
Before you try to fuck with me
It's Aftermath here now
Shady Records got it locked
La, la, la, la , la, la, la, la
[50 Cent]
Penitentiaries is packed with promise makers
Never realized the precious time them bitch niggas is wastin
Insitutionalize, my bitches bring me product by the bundles
Hustle hard from the cell, G-Unit mothafucka, WE BALLIN
Catch me countin trees when I'm callin
Can you set my car, Ceo let me sip on Henessy, "Can I sips some more?"
Hell, I done been in jail, I ain't scared
Momma checkin in my bedroom, I ain't there
I got a head with no screws in it
Mothafuckas think they can stop 50... they losin it
Lil' nigga named Ja, thinks he live like me
Talkin about he left the hospital, took 9 like me
[50 Cent]
You livin fantasies nigga
I'll Reject your Deposit
When yo lil sweet ass comin out of the closet
now he wonderin why DMX blow him out
next time grown folks talkin bitch close your mouth
Peep me I take this war shit deeply
Seen too many real niggas ballin like these bitch niggas beat me
yous a mothafuckin punk and you see me with gloves
quit scarin them fuckin kids with ya ulgy ass mug
and you can tell them niggas you roll with whatever you want
but you and i know whats goin on Nigga pay back I know your bitch ass from way back
Witness be strap with macs You know I don't play that
All these old rappers tryin to advance its all over now -- take it like a man
HAHA--Irv lookin like Larry Holmes, flabby and sick
tryin to playa hate on my shit - man eat a fat dick
Lovin this shit, thats how you made me-feelin like I got you niggas crazy, i like
Against all odds up with my dogs mothafuckas now
It'll be the realist shit I ever wrote
Against all odds, up in the studio gettin blow to the truest shit i ever
spoke 21 gun salute
[Busta Rhymes:]
Hey yo I'm one of tha most humble, rep the streets to tha core
Hey Jeffrey, What the fuck you come involving me for?
You spent a long time comin like a bless and a check
you see 106 and park fans don't even fuckin respect you
It's kinda funny, wana be PAC wana be fake like he thug
runnin around talkin shit that he ain't even capable of
now let me OFF this cock sucka watch me handle you nigga
If i recall Violator use to manage you nigga then took a closer look and
realized you was an empostor theres never been a Violator on a Murda Inc rosta. Dumb ass
now who shoot? -- Ah made you look, you said Busta singing the same old hook, You Stupid
if yall shoot I take a look at ya man tha bitch shot himself infront of Def Jam
Chedda Bob ass nigga start adjustin ya plan
you let the streets down nigga - Apologize to ya fans
watch ya pull a lil stunt like we ain't know where you are ya lil faggot
desperate be tryin while we establish a buzz I know tha shit is drivin you crazy You wonderin how
The streets ain't never want you Beatrice what you gonna do now?
Now if you wanna beef with me, then i'm beefin with you
I think about tha game and what its like and "WHAT WOULD IT BE WITHOUT YOU"
You finished I ain't tryin to repeat this just because I'm cool shouldn'
take my kindness for weakness
[Busta speakin in background]
Ooh shit ha ha That was fun Next time you got a problem with me, Address me
before you try to make the shit a public issue homie, i'm return back to my regular
self and have fun again
-One

_____
(Eminem:)
Makaveli rest in peace
Irv Gotti...too much Bacardi in his body
Mouth like a .12 gauge shot it
(2 times)
Come get me
if you mothafuckas want Shady
If Pac was still here now
He would never ride with Ja
Na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na
You ain't no killa you a pussy
That exstacy done got you all emotional and mushy
bitches wearin' rags in photos
Ja's words bein' quoted in the Source
stealin' Pac's shit like he just wrote it
you loud mouth pray to God, hopin', no one's listenin'
see fifty comin' for me, Oh my god my...my position
no one'll pay attention to me
Please Gotti, here I go, give me this pill
exstacy done got me feelin' so...invincible
now all of a sudden I'm a fuckin' mad man who screams
Like I'm Pac, but I'm not
and who needs Hennessy
Actin' like I'm great but I'm fake, I'm crazy
Sweat Drip, get me off this trip, someone stop this train
some say my brain is all corrupted, fucked from this shit
I'm stuck, I'm addicted to these drugs, I'ma quit...
sayin' mothafuckas' names before somebody fucks me up
ain't no pussies over here partner, see you in hell fucka
Come get me
Mothafucka if you want Shady
If Pac was still here now
he would never ride with Ja
Na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na
Get off that E
before you try to come and fuck with me
It's aftermath gettin' down,
Shady records got it locked
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la,
(50 cent:)
twenty centuries is packed with promise-makers
never realized the prescious time that bitch-niggas has wasted
institutionalize my bitches bring me product by the bundle
hustle hard from a cell
G-unit mothafucka...we ballin'
catch me countin' cheese, and when I'm callin'
Do you accept my call? See, you'll let me sip on Hennessy
Can I sip some more? Hell, I done been to jail, I ain't scared
momma checkin' in my bedroom, I ain't there
I got a head with no screws in it
Mothafuckas thinkin' they can stop 50, they losin' it
Little nigga named Ja think he live like me
Don't nobody left the high school and took 9 like me
you livin fantasies nigga, I be checkin' deposit
When your little sweet ass gonna come out of the closet?
Now they wonderin' why DMX blowed him out
Next time grown folks talkin' bitch close your mouth
Peep me, I take this war shit deeply
I seen to many real niggas ball to let these bitch niggas beat me
Back! You's a mothafuckin' punk and you'll see me with gloves
Quit scarin' them fuckin' kids with yo ugly-ass mom
And you can tell them niggas you role with, whatever you want
but you and I know whats goin' on
Nigga payback, Ty I know your bitch-ass from way back
witness me strapped with macs, know I don't play that
All these old rappers tryin' to advance, it's all over now
Take it like a man, HA HA
Irv lookin' like Larry Holmes flabby and sick
Tryin' to playa hate on my shit, made of fat dick
lovin' this shit, that's how you made me
feelin' like I got you niggas crazy ... UH HUH
against all odds, up in my gut mothafuckas know,
this be the truet shit I ever wrote
Against all odds, up in the studio gettin' blow
to the truest shit I ever spoke, 21 gun salute Bitch
(Busta Rhymes:)
I've been one of the most humble, rep the streets to the core,
Hey Jeffrey, what the fuck you come involvin' me for?
It's been a long time comin', like a blessing, a check
you see 106 and Park fans don't even fuckin respect you
it's kinda funny, wannabe Pac wanna fake like he thug
runnin' around talkin' shit that he ain't capable of
now let me off this cock- sucka, watch me handle you nigga
If i recall, Violator used to manage you nigga
then took a closer look and realized you was an impostor
there's never been a Violatior on the Murder Inc. roster, dumbass
now who shoot (shoot), aw, made you look
You say Bust singin' the same old hook, you stupid
If y'all shoot I'll take a look at your man
the bitch shot himself in front of Def Jam
cheddar ball bash nigga start adjustin' your plan
you let the streets down nigga, apologize to your fans
watch you pull a little stunt like we ain't know what it was
little faggot desperate tryin' to reestablish a buzz
I know this shit is drivin you crazy you wonderin' how
the streets ain't never want you Beatrice
what you gonna do now?
Now if you wanna beef with me, then I'm beefin' with you
I think about the game, and what it's like, and...
What would it be without you?
You finished, I ain't tryin' to repeat this
Just cuz I'm cool, you shouldn't take my kindness for weakness.
Ha Ha
It was fun
Next time you got a problem, man
address me before you try to make shit a public issue homey
Now I'm gonna return back to my regular self, and have fun again
One

_____
Chorus
Come get me
Motherfuckers if you want Shady
If Pac was still here now,
He would never ride with Ja
Na, na, na, na ,na, na, na, na
Makaveli rest in peace
Irv Gotti, too much Bacardi in his body
Mouth like a .12 gauge shotti
Chorus
You ain't no killer, you a pussy
That ecstasy got you all emotional and moushy
Bitches wearing rags in photos, Ja's words being quoted
In the SOURCE, stealing 'Pac's shit like he just wrote it
You loud mouth, pray to god, hoping no ones listening
See 50 coming for me, I'ma guard my, my position
No one will pay attention
To me, please Gotti, here I go
Gimme this pill, ecstasy got me feeling so
Invincible
Now all of a sudden I'm a fucking mad man who screams
Like I'm 'Pac but I'm not, enemies, Hennesy
Acting like I'm great, but I'm fake, I'm CRAZY
Sweat drip, get me off this trip, someone stop this train
Some say my brain is all corrupted, fuck from this shit
I'm stuck, I'm addicted from these drugs, I'ma quit
Saying motherfucker's name's before someone fucks me up
Ain't no pussies over here, partner, see you hell, fucker
Come get me
If you motherfuckers want Shady
If Pac was still here now,
He would never ride with Ja
Na, na, na, na ,na, na, na, na
Get off that E
Before you try to fuck with me
It's Aftermath here now
Shady Records got it locked
La, la, la, la , la, la, la, la
Penitentiaries is packed with promise makers
Never realized the precious time them bitch niggas is wasting
Institutionalize, my bitches bring me product by the bundles
Hustle hard from the cell, G-Unit motherfucker, WE BALLING
Catch me counting trees when I'm calling
Can you set my car, Ceo let me sip on Henessy, "Can I sips some more?"
Hell, I done been in jail, I ain't scared
Momma checking in my bedroom, I ain't there
I got a head with no screws in it
Motherfuckers think they can stop 50... they losing it
Lil' nigga named Ja, thinks he live like me
Talking about he left the hospital, took 9 like me
You living fantasies nigga
I'll Reject your Deposit
When yo lil sweet ass coming out of the closet
now he wondering why DMX blow him out
next time grown folks talking bitch close your mouth
Peep me I take this war shit deeply
Seen too many real niggas balling like these bitch niggas beat me
yous a motherfucking punk and you see me with gloves
quit scaring them fucking kids with ya ugly ass mug
and you can tell them niggas you roll with whatever you want
but you and i know whats going on Nigga pay back I know your bitch ass from way back
Witness be strap with macs You know I don't play that
All these old rappers trying to advance its all over now -- take it like a man
HAHA--Irv looking like Larry Holmes, flabby and sick
trying to play hate on my shit - man eat a fat dick
Loving this shit, thats how you made me-feeling like I got you niggas crazy, i like
Against all odds up with my dogs motherfuckers now
It'll be the realist shit I ever wrote
Against all odds, up in the studio getting blow to the truest shit i ever
spoke 21 gun salute
Hey yo I'm one of the most humble, rep the streets to the core
Hey Jeffrey, What the fuck you come involving me for?
You spent a long time coming like a bless and a check
you see 106 and park fans don't even fucking respect you
It's kinda funny, wanna be PAC wanna be fake like he thug
running around talking shit that he ain't even capable of
now let me OFF this cock sucker watch me handle you nigga
If i recall Violator use to manage you nigga then took a closer look and
realized you was an empostor theres never been a Violator on a Murda Inc rosta. Dumb ass
now who shoot? -- Ah made you look, you said Busta singing the same old hook, You Stupid
if yall shoot I take a look at ya man the bitch shot himself in front of Def Jam
Chedda Bob ass nigga start adjusting ya plan
you let the streets down nigga - Apologize to ya fans
watch ya pull a lil stunt like we ain't know where you are ya lil faggot
desperate be trying while we establish a buzz I know the shit is driving you crazy You wondering how
The streets ain't never want you Beatrice what you gonna do now?
Now if you wanna beef with me, then I'm beefing with you
I think about the game and what its like and "WHAT WOULD IT BE WITHOUT YOU"
You finished I ain't trying to repeat this just because I'm cool shouldn't
take my kindness for weakness
Ooh shit ha ha That was fun Next time you got a problem with me, Address me
before you try to make the shit a public issue homie, I'm return back to my regular
self and have fun again
-One

_____
all i see is murder murder my mind say
left tha keys in tha van,with a gat in each hand
went up to neiceland, shot a police man
fuck a beets playin, im citizan bystand
tha shit is in my hand, here is yo lifespan
fo what yo lifes worth, this money is twice than
grab a couple grand,and live a nice land
see im a nice man, but money turned me ta shady
im thursty for this green so bad, im dehydrating
hurry up with tha cash bitch, i gotta ride waitin
shot a man twice in tha back, when he tried escaping
i want tha whole pie, i wont be denyed nathan
maybe i need my head inside straightend
my brain consaplatin,clean out tha register
quick! b4 someone catches ya
gets yo description and sketches ya
and they connect you as tha prime suspect
but i havent set ta flee tha scene of tha crime just yet
let tha keys in tha van

_____
[2Pac]
Get on yo knees nigga, get on yo knees and pray
[radio tuning in]
[Ja Rule]
Em, you claim ya mother's a crackhead and kim is a known slut so what's Hailie gon' be when she grows up?
[Em & Hailie]
[E] AH-HA! Yeah! C'mon!
G-g-g-g G-Unit! Hailie
[H] What?
[E] Come here baby, bring daddy his Oscar
[H] Okay
[E] We're gonna shove it up Ja Rule's ass!
[H - laughs]
[Vesre 1]
[Swift]
I'm about to get rid of some hoes, it's simple
I'm quick to murder ink with lead and talkin' bout a pencil
Lookit what the fuck you done got into
I see you found yo niche, you just a bitch wit a menstrol
Claimin' you a murderer and you spelled it wrong
You put 'e' before the 'd' cuz that's all you on
You on Pac's dick, you a regular guy
If Pac was still alive you would never get by
All you do is cry, bitch keep it real
Life is more than imitating niggaz and eatin' pills
And kind of muthafucka ruins three deals
That another nigga got you, they didn't see skills
And I ain't playin', you a brother gettin' cheated
And Ja Rule be prayin' on his cover cuz he need it
And all you niggaz hatin', shut you mouths
It's just that real niggaz ain't buyin' that shit y'all put out
[Obie Trice]
Do-ra-mi, but we don't sing muhfuckas
So Murder Inc. do ya thing muhfuckas
You've unleashed on a team who expects nothin' less
Than R&B comin' from that regime
?? It's a little extreme
Neck and necks with soldiers, muhfuckin' Marines
Ja sold his soul to sing
Weave eye-witness team on the tv screen, chase the greed
Now that you've embraced the green
Don't fuck with the triple beams
You's a muthafuckin actor slash Pac impersonatin' rapper
Slash Billie Holliday how it happen?
Artist for Repetuar saw him in action
Pac assassination Def Jam grabbed him
Told him reinact him, you go platinum
They seen it for sure, I know that Afina Shakur
Don't enjoy Jeffery Atkins reinactin' her boy
So I'm click-clackin' this toy
Mash and destroy, Shady
Aftermath and Detroit muthafuckas
[Chorus]
[Eminem]
Do-ra-me, fa-so-la-ti-da
Don't blame me cuz you lost your boss's spot
Mama-say-mama-sa-ma-macosa
Ja quit playin' knock it off you're not 2Pac
Don't make me, too hot and you're not
Shootin' at me, with the only shot you got
Ja quit playin' knock it off you're not 2Pac
You'll get popped poppin' all that shit you pop
[Verse 2]
[Kuniva]
Now we can get past the mean mugs and get to the slugs
To the greivance and the cryin' and the intimate hugs
We don't take you serious nigga you shook you half of a half-way crook, get off X dick, go sing a hook nigga
And you can't replace the late greal one
And when you gone you only gon' be the late fake one
Nigga please, stick to the script
before the guns stick to the clip, and Benzino you ain't shit but a bitch
Fuckin' old ass ignorant innocent lookin' senior citizen
Built up, slap you like Grimace, all sensitive
Wait a minute, hold on
Is it me or do he look like a banana with braids and clothes on?
A bitch made man, now how you gonna connect with them short ass arms like a tyrannasaurus rex?
You niggaz can scream holler and curse
Go ahead and respond and pull that pen and pad up outta ya purse
[Proof]
Slim did it simple to get at the wankstas
He told me to let loose and spit at the gangstas
What up Gotti and this little war you pushed on
But you ?? the ?? for sucking your ??
What's wrong? Didn't think we strong with real niggaz?
Roll like a boss in the streets they still feel us
It's real business you ain't caught the concept
You talkin' nonsense to walk and find press
Contact was blown by Munsetta in The Source
Threaten at the boss you gon' see me on ya porch
Now Irv got the nerve to try to serve on us
But Detroit niggaz ?? and ain't scurred to bust
[Kon Artis]
Word to my nigga Bugs, punks like you get beat up
Stomped unconcious and smacked with the heater
This rap cookie monster gets jabbed in the tonsils with dicks so much that he should be fixed with a vagina
Who's behind ya? Cadillic Pac or that transvestite who dress like a Lil Kim fox, her chest like a little windbox
press tight on the trigger of this glock
Swallow that little shit you got left to help you eat
You knock Pac's songs without love to help you sleep
You got shot in your video tryin mock Pac
You 'Mockaveli', get your own identity
[Chorus]
[Eminem overdubs chorus]
Yeah!
Don't you never say my little girl's name in a song again!
Fuckin' punk pussy little bitch!
I'll fuck you up boy!
Never! Never in your muthafuckin life!
I'll choke the shit outchu little muthafuckin bitch!
Hailie can whip your muthafuckin ass!
[Obie Trice speaking]
That's right muthafuckas
Shay records, whatchu know about it?
Fuck Benzino, fuck Ja Rule
Nigga, this Obie Triceright here talkin to you muthafuckas
Ja Rule punk ass... Yea!
Fuckin Soul For Real ass...
Nigga that's Soul For Real,
That the nigga from Soul For Real!
Candy Rain ass nigga...
He got a deal now he rappin'
You'ont know what's... faggot ass muhfuckas
Get money to all my real niggas, man
Obie Trice, D12, G Unit, 50 Cent...
Hailie Jade!!!
[50 Cent (laughing)]
[Hailie]
Daddy is Ja Rule taller than me?
[Eminem]
No honey, you guys are the same size...

_____
[Intro - Spoken]
Yo, I can't sing it
I feel like singin
I wanna fuckin'sing
Cuz I'm happy
Yeah, I'm happy
Ha Ha
I got my baby back
Yo, check it out
[Verse 1 - Sung]
Some days I sit, starin'out the window
Watchin'this world pass me by
Sometimes I think theres nothin'to live for
I almost break down and cry
Somtimes I think I'm crazy
I'm crazy, oh so crazy
Why am I here, am I just wasting my time?
But then I see my baby
Suddenly I'm not crazy
It all makes sense when I look into her eyes
[Chorus]
Somtimes it feels like the world's on my shoulders
Everyone's leanin'on me
Cuz sometimes it feels like the world's almost over
But then she comes back to me
[Verse 2 - Sung]
My baby girl [Hailie laughs] keeps gettin'older
I watch her grow up with pride
People make jokes, cuz they don't understand me
They just dont see my real side
I act like shit don't phase me,
Inside it drives me crazy
My insecurities could eat me alive
But then I see my baby
Suddenly I'm not crazy
It all makes sense when I look into her eyes
[Chorus]
[Verse 3 - Rapped]
Man, if I could sing, I'd keep singing this song to my daughter
If I could hit the notes, I'd blow something as long as my father
To show her how I feel about her, how proud I am that I got her
God, I'm a daddy, I'm so glad that her mum didn't want her
Now you probly get this picture from my public persona
That I'm a pistol-packing drug-addict who bags on his momma,
But I wanna just take this time out to be perfectly honest
Cuz there's a lot of shit I keep bottled that hurts deep inside o' my soul,
And just know that I grow colder the older I grow
This boulder on my shoulder gets heavy and harder to hold
And this load is like the weight of the world
And I think my neck is breaking should I just give up,
Or try to live up to these expectations?
Now look, I love my daughter more than life in itself,
But I got a wife that's determined to make my life livin'hell
But I handle it well, given the circumstances I'm dealt
So many chances, man, it's too bad, coulda had someone else
But the years that I've wasted are nothing to the tears that I've tasted
So here's what im facin:
3 felonies, 6 years of probation
I've went to jail for this woman, I've been to bat for this woman
I've taken bats to peoples backs, bent over backwards for this woman
Man, I shoulda seen it comin, why'd I stick my penis up in?
Woulda ripped the pre-nup up if I'd seen what she was fuckin
But fuck it, it's over, there's no more reason to cry no more
I got my baby, baby the only lady that I adore, Hailie
So sayonara, try tomorra, nice to know ya
My baby's travelled back to the arms of her rightful owner
And suddenly it seems that my shoulder blades have just shifted
It's like the greatest gift you can get
The weight has been lifted
Now it don't feel like the world's on my shoulders
Everyone's leanin'on me
Cuz my baby know's that her daddy's a soldier
Nothin' can take her from me
[Outro - Spoken]
Woo!
I told you I can't sing.
Oh well, I tried
Hailie, 'member when I said
If you ever need anything, daddy will be right there?
Well guess what?
Daddy's here.
And I ain't goin'nowhere baby
I love you! (kiss)

_____
The waves keep on crashing on me for some reason
But your love keeps on coming like a thunderbolt
Come here a little closer
'Cause I wanna see you, baby, real close up
(Get over here)
You've got me feeling hella good
So let's just keep on dancing
You hold me like you should
So I'm gonna keep on dancing
Your performance deserving a standing ovation
And who would have thought it'd be the two of us
So don't wake me if I'm dreaming
'Cause I'm in the mood come on and give it up
You've got me feeling hella good
So let's just keep on dancing
You hold me like you should
So I'm gonna keep on dancing
You've got me feeling hella good
So let's just keep on dancing
You hold me like you should
So I'm gonna keep on dancing
Ooh yeah yeah
Ooh yeah yeah
You've got me feeling hella good
So let's just keep on dancing
You hold me like you should
So I'm gonna keep on dancing
You've got me feeling hella good
So let's just keep on dancing
You hold me like you should
So I'm gonna keep on dancing
Keep on dancing
Keep on dancing

_____
[Announcer]
Welcome back, to the stage of history
[Eminem]
Yo.. Slim Shady!
Yo.. I'll fuckin.. I'll..
I'll puke, eat it, and freak you (eww)
Battle?  I'm too weeded to speak to
The only key that I see to defeat you
would be for me to remove these two Adidas and beat you
and force feed you 'em both, and on each feet is a cleat shoe
I'll lift you off your feet so fast with a roundhouse 
you'll think I pulled the fuckin ground out from underneath you 
(Bitch!) I ain't no fuckin G, I'm a cannibal 
I ain't tryin to shoot you, 
I'm tryin to chop you into pieces and eat you
Wrap you in rope and plastic, stab you with broken glass 
and have you with open gashes strapped to a soakin mattress
Coke and acid, black magic, cloaks and daggers (ahhh!)
Fuck the planet, until it spins on a broken axis
I'm so bananas I'm showin up to your open casket
to fill it full of explosive gasses
and close it back with a lit match in it 
while I sit back and just hope it catches 
Blow you to fragments
Laugh, roll you and smoke the ashes
Chorus: J-Black (repeat 2X)
I see the light at the end
But every time I take a step, it gets dim
Tell me is this hell we're livin in?
If so, heaven's got to be better
But if we're hellbound, whatever, let's go down
[J-Black]
Am I the worst?  Because I, never go to church (never)
I run a red light then sideswipe a hearse
I'ma drink 'til my liver rot, see the doc
Leave the E.R., then hit a bar for a liquor shot, 'til the liver spot
One day we all gon' die
But when I die, I'ma be so high
that I'ma get up and walk, leavin the concrete bare
with the chalk outline still there
I smoke 'til I choke and I sex a lot
I got a cross on my chain but it's just a rock
Now if I pray everynight (night)
Do I still have to hold my trey very tight?
You feel me God?  I done did so much shit while on Earth
I smoke, I drink, I curse, and to make matters worse
I bust my gun first, and then I chat with your corpse
Since way back, I was one to never like back-talk
See me at the pearly gates in line, wearin a Nordface
Nickle nine at my waist, God done lost faith
Angels greet me but I don't reply back
Just show me to my quarters, and oh yeah, where's Thai at?
Chorus 1/2
[Announcer]
Maxie was seriously wounded but the soul still burns
Final battle, fight!
[Masta Ace]
Analyze the strength of my game, like Lee Corso
Call me a lost soul, with a vest on my torso
And of course, yo, y'all know I'm no stranger to danger
Like Christ in a manger, feel a whole range of my anger
I breathe down shit so hard you can see sound
And beat down these rap clowns in like three rounds
My pen 'bout as sharp as a dagger, walk with a swagger
Tie your wife to the back of a black Jag and I drag her
Ten blocks, untie the bitch and I still bag her
Give her a smack in the ass and a six pack of lager
My shit go as deep and as dark as a train tunnel
My flows spill like usin the wrong end of a funnel
Everyday I grow more older, and more colder
Fly you to Colorado, roll you over with a Boulder
I know you want to retaliate but you won't dare
Cause you fuckin with some niggaz like this who just don't care
Chorus
[J-Black]
But every time I take a step, it gets dim..
Tell me is this hell we're livin in?
Haha..
[Announcer]
Time's up!
You lose!

_____
(feat. J-Black, Masta Ase)
[Announcer]
Welcome back, to the stage of history
[Eminem]
Yo.. Slim Shady!
Yo.. I'll fuckin.. I'll..
I'll puke, eat it, and freak you (eww)
Battle  I'm too weeded to speak to
The only key that I see to defeat you
would be for me to remove these two Adidas and beat you
and force feed you 'em both, and on each feet is a cleat shoe
I'll lift you off your feet so fast with a roundhouse
you'll think I pulled the fuckin ground out from underneath you
(Bitch!) I ain't no fuckin G, I'm a cannibal
I ain't tryin to shoot you,
I'm tryin to chop you into pieces and eat you
Wrap you in rope and plastic, stab you with broken glass
and have you with open gashes strapped to a soakin mattress
Coke and acid, black magic, cloaks and daggers (ahhh!)
Fuck the planet, until it spins on a broken axis
I'm so bananas I'm showin up to your open casket
to fill it full of explosive gasses
and close it back with a lit match in it
while I sit back and just hope it catches
Blow you to fragments
Laugh, roll you and smoke the ashes
[Chorus: J-Black (repeat 2X)]
I see the light at the end
But every time I take a step, it gets dim
Tell me is this hell we're livin in
If so, heaven's got to be better
But if we're hellbound, whatever, let's go down
[J-Black]
Am I the worst  Because I, never go to church (never)
I run a red light then sideswipe a hearse
I'ma drink 'til my liver rot, see the doc
Leave the E.R., then hit a bar for a liquor shot, 'til the liver spot
One day we all gon' die
But when I die, I'ma be so high
that I'ma get up and walk, leavin the concrete bare
with the chalk outline still there
I smoke 'til I choke and I sex a lot
I got a cross on my chain but it's just a rock
Now if I pray everynight (night)
Do I still have to hold my trey very tight
You feel me God  I done did so much shit while on Earth
I smoke, I drink, I curse, and to make matters worse
I bust my gun first, and then I chat with your corpse
Since way back, I was one to never like back-talk
See me at the pearly gates in line, wearin a Nordface
Nickle nine at my waist, God done lost faith
Angels greet me but I don't reply back
Just show me to my quarters, and oh yeah, where's Thai at
[Chorus 1/2]
[Announcer]
Maxie was seriously wounded but the soul still burns
Final battle, fight!
[Masta Ace]
Analyze the strength of my game, like Lee Corso
Call me a lost soul, with a vest on my torso
And of course, yo, y'all know I'm no stranger to danger
Like Christ in a manger, feel a whole range of my anger
I breathe down shit so hard you can see sound
And beat down these rap clowns in like three rounds
My pen 'bout as sharp as a dagger, walk with a swagger
Tie your wife to the back of a black Jag and I drag her
Ten blocks, untie the bitch and I still bag her
Give her a smack in the ass and a six pack of lager
My shit go as deep and as dark as a train tunnel
My flows spill like usin the wrong end of a funnel
Everyday I grow more older, and more colder
Fly you to Colorado, roll you over with a Boulder
I know you want to retaliate but you won't dare
Cause you fuckin with some niggaz like this who just don't care
[Chorus]
[J-Black]
But every time I take a step, it gets dim..
Tell me is this hell we're livin in
Haha..
[Announcer]
Time's up!
You lose!

_____
~{Announcer}~
Welcome back, to the stage of history
~{Eminem}~
Yo.. Slim Shady!
Yo... I Fuckin' I...
I'll puke, eat it, and freak you (eww)
Battle?  I'm too weeded to speak to
The only key that I see to defeat you
would be for me to remove these two Adidas and beat you
and force feed you 'em both, and on each feet is a cleat shoe
I'll lift you off your feet so fast with a roundhouse
you'll think I pulled the fuckin ground out from underneath you
(Bitch!) I ain't no fuckin G, I'm a cannibal
I ain't tryin to shoot you,
I'm tryin to chop you into pieces and eat you
Wrap you in rope and plastic, stab you with broken glass
and have you with open gashes strapped to a soakin mattress
Coke and acid, black magic, cloaks and daggers (ahhh!)
Fuck the planet, until it spins on a broken axis
I'm so bananas I'm showin up to your open casket
to fill it full of explosive gasses
and close it back with a lit match in it
while I sit back and just hope it catches
Blow you to fragments
Laugh, roll you and smoke the ashes
Chorus: J-Black (repeat 2X)
I see the light at the end
But every time I take a step, it gets dim
Tell me is this hell we're livin in?
If so, heaven's got to be better
But if we're hellbound, whatever, let's go down
~{J-Black}~
Am I the worst?  Because I, never go to church (never)
I run a red light then sideswipe a hearse
I'ma drink 'til my liver rot, see the doc
Leave the E.R., then hit a bar for a liquor shot, fuck the liver spot
One day we all gon' die
But when I die, I'ma be so high
that I'ma get up and walk, leavin the concrete bare
with the chalk outline still there
I smoke 'til I choke and I sex a lot
I got a cross on my chain but it's just to rock
Now if I pray everynight (night)
Do I still have to hold my trey very tight?
You feel me God?  I done did so much shit while on Earth
I smoke, I drink, I curse, and to make matters worse
I bust my gun first, and then I chat with your corpse
Since way back, I was one to never like back-talk
See me at the pearly gates in line, wearin a Northface
Nickle nine at my waist, God done lost faith
Angels greet me but I don't reply back
Just show me to my quarters, and oh yeah, where's Thai at?
Chorus 1/2
~{Announcer}~
Maxie was seriously wounded but the soul still burns
Final battle, fight!
~{Masta Ace}~
Analyze the strength of my game, like Lee Corso
Call me a lost soul, with a vest and my torso
And of course, yo, y'all know I'm no stranger to danger
Like Christ in a manger, feel a whole range of my anger
I breathe down shit so hard you can see sound
And beat down these rap clowns in like three rounds
My pen 'bout as sharp as a dagger, walk with a swagger
Tie your wife to the back of a black Jag and I drag her
Ten blocks, untie the bitch and I still bag her
Give her a smack in the ass and a six pack of lager
My shit go as deep and as dark as a train tunnel
My flows spill like usin the wrong end of a funnel
Everyday I grow more older, and more colder
Fly you to Colorado, roll you over with a Boulder
I know you want to retaliate but you won't dare
Cause you fuckin with some niggaz like this who just don't care
Chorus
{J-Black}
But every time I take a step, it gets dim..
Tell me is this hell we're livin in?
Haha..
{Announcer}
Time's up!
You lose!

_____
[Obie Trice]
Can we re- can we re-enact Biggie's song?
C-can you shit on me?
I just want you to shit on me
[Hook - Eminem (singing)]
Hey lady, hey darlin', hey baby
I'm sorry but I can't be your boyfriend
If you toy with my motherfuckin' emotions
I'll kill you
Bitch I'm fuckin'
For real I'll make you suffer like I suffered
If you fuck me then I'll make you fall in love
[in the background of the hook]
Hey lady, hey lady
I don't think you really wanna be my girl
(be my girl, be my girl, be my girl)
Fuckin' with me can be dangerous (dangerous, dangerous)
You never know what I really (be like, be like)
(be like, be like, I'm your type)
(And might even get a little bit crazy)
[Obie Trice]
Baby I'm extra large (huge) in magnitude
And Magnums to lubrication that I use
To chose which hole on a ho I abuse (yes)
Have 'em confused, can't tell who is who
When I fuck the shit out you, then the next date (bitch)
I rush the shit out you off my two-way (ooh wait)
You wanna cuddle, emotional hustle up on Pocono's
Poke ya nose in and outta Obie's own
No, I'm in and out your home
And this in and out your tone
I ain't the nigga that settles 'em down
Put 'em in nice homes and floss 'em around (nah)
I bounce 'em around
Camcord the sex and sell 'em around town
How that sound?
If I was in love witcha, now you wanna clown
Fuck with them clowns until I pound on your crown
Bust a few rounds and the cops come and get me
Bad mouth a nigga just to convince a jury
You don't want it with me, you just horny as me
You want a nut, nuttin' but what is you be
[Eminem]
I'm internationally known baby but actually
There are few people who know how I am naturally
All you know is that I can act irrationally
When you shove a puppet up in my face on national TV
So they label me this crazed loony rap bully
But truthfully that ain't the truth
And if you believe in that shit
Then you'll believe anything's true
And you're too stupid to ever get to know me personally
But personally that actually works for me
Cuz the last thing that I need's a string attached to me
I'ma bachelor bitch and I ain't in no fast fury
To run out and find a new Mrs. Mathers
Cuz see, technically me and Kim ain't back fully
But we do still make booty calls occasionally
But be damned if I end up back in that pad
And we end up back at that god damn tavern
And havin' another deja vu, we seein' security
Pass my pussy around like it's Ja Rule's jewelry
I got news for you bitch, your news curfew's early
You ain't home by 2:30 [gunshot]
[Hook - Eminem (singing)]
Hey lady, hey darlin', hey baby
I'm sorry but I can't be your boyfriend
If you toy with my motherfuckin' emotions
I'll kill you
Bitch I'm fuckin'
For real I'll make you suffer like I suffered
If you fuck me then I'll make you fall in love
[in the background of the hook]
Hey lady, hey lady
I don't think you really wanna be my girl
(be my girl, be my girl, be my girl)
Fuckin' with me can be dangerous (dangerous, dangerous)
You never know what I really (be like, be like)
(be like, be like, I'm your type)
(And might even get a little bit crazy)
[Obie Trice]
See you lookin' at the life, you lookin' at the lights (lights)
You lookin' at the ice (ice) you ain't lookin' at the Trice (right)
You should look at some advice when I see he ain't nice (nope)
Despite the fact you think you the feisty type
O love to fight (uh) I love the drama (yeah)
Love when my bitch get to cussin' out Yolanda (fuck you bitch)
Find the Obie condom on the counter
Swingin' her weave, can't breathe like I can't believe
Least I ain't deceieve and try to mislead
And sell a dream just to get you on my team
I came clean to keep down the beef
Keep down my reach, you can keep all your teeth
[Eminem]
What we do under the covers should stay between the covers
And the two of us and we ain't gotta be news coverage
On the front page cover of "Buzz's New Lovers"
And this is when the bitch get to showin' the true colors
Cuz the truth of it, everything that I do's public
And you'd love it if you could run and tell all your friends
Guess who you just screwed, assume just me and you've done it
And say that you was rubbered and show 'em the proof of it
But I guess it's do unto others as you'd have 'em do unto you
But you better be careful of who you're doin' it to
Cuz you never know when the shoe
Could end up on the other foot and it backfires on you
Cuz you think you want it then you want me, then you get me
Then you got me and you're fucked cuz you'll be stuck with me
For the rest of your life cuz if I get attached to you
We'll be joined at the hip, I'll be so latched to you
You'll be walkin' out the house and I'll run up and tackle you
Chain your ass up to the bed and shackle you
You don't think you're leavin' this house in that, do you?
Not till I brand my name in your ass and tattoo you
And have you walkin' out this bitch in turtleneck sweaters
Scarves and full leathers in 90 degree weather
Front on me? Never
Cuz we gonna be together forever
Right bitch? [gun cock]
Right bitch? [gun cock, shot]
[Hook - Eminem (singing)]
Hey lady, hey darlin', hey baby
I'm sorry but I can't be your boyfriend
If you toy with my motherfuckin' emotions
I'll kill you
Bitch I'm fuckin'
For real I'll make you suffer like I suffered
If you fuck me then I'll make you fall in love
[in the background of the hook]
Hey lady, hey lady
I don't think you really wanna be my girl
(be my girl, be my girl, be my girl)
Fuckin' with me can be dangerous (dangerous, dangerous)
You never know what I really (be like, be like)
(be like, be like, I'm your type)
(And might even get a little bit crazy)
(fall in love) (crazy)
(fall in love) (crazy)
(fall in love) (crazy)

_____
Aiyyo Head, that's why I fucked your mother you fat motherfucker!
{*beat changes to 2Pac's "Hit 'Em Up"*}
Kill Whitey! - Hahaha
Kill Whitey! - Detroit!  What?  What?
Kill Whitey! - .. yo, yo
Kill Whitey! - Haha!  Look
First off, fuck your songs and the shit you say
Diss my wife, but at least I got a bitch, you gay
You claim to be a Muslim but you Irish White
So fuck you fat boy, drop the mic, let's fight
Plus I punch you in the chest, weak hearts I rip
Whitey Ford, forty and white, lethargic ass dickhead
I keep 'em comin while you runnin out of breath
Steady duckin while I'm punchin at your chest, you need to rest
Dilated, go ask your people how I leave ya
with your three CD's, nobody sees, when they released
Evidence, don't fuck around with
real
MC's
who ain't ready for no underground beef, so fuck geeks
I let you faggots know it's on for life
but Everlast might die tonight, haha
Fat boy murdered on wax and killed
Fuck with me and take a heart pill, you know!
[Chorus: Eminem]
Grab 380's when you see Slim Shady
Call the doctor to heal your heart
They shocked you back to life at the clinic
but you 'bout to get relapsed any minute
Honkey, I hit 'em up!
Hahaha, yo
check
this out
You faggots ain't even on my level
I'ma let D-12 ride on you bitch-made ass faggots!
[Kon Artis]
Yo!  Get out the way yo, get out the way yo
Whitey Ford's heart just stopped
Eminem shocked him back, he had another heart attack
Whitey Ford's gettin his ass floored for talkin back
Little faggot Hamburgular, I show you where the burgers are
At your own restaraunt, while I'm servin ya
Drop and stomp your whole heart 'til it stops
Call the cops, I'ma beat your ass while they watch
[Kuniva]
Ha ha, now we got the whole industry makin fun of you Erik
Where's your House of Pain now?  There's only one of you Erik
You a petty coward, you ain't ready to steady go a round
with some killers from 7 Mile to the motherfuckin Belle Isle Bridge
[Chorus]
[Eminem]
Got in his ass and now this faggot wanna mention me still
this ain't no freestyle battle Everlast gettin killed
with his chest open
Tryin to throw a fuckin punch, but you just chokin
Havin a stroke and now you learn why crackers never earned a dime
cause you SUCK motherfucker you should learn to rhyme
Talkin 'bout you packin pistols but it's funny to me
You ain't never been in trouble, you just wanna be me
I'm a paleface killer whale
on his way to fuckin prison, pistol whippin tail, ha
Erik remember when I passed you in the lobby that day?
That shit was obvious you probably was gay, ha
Now it's all about country, you gave up hip-hop
Forty-nine thousand copies, the week your shit drop
while my
sales
makin records break
Two and a half million scanned by the second week
Motherfucker I hit 'em up!
[Proof]
I'm from Detroit's Pemberton Ave., where bullets tear you in half
Fuck the music, we got an uzi for all you fags
Get the shit out of our stereo, Dilated you violated
Now you 'bout to get annihilated, we gon' bury you
Iriscience get choked up and yoked up
All you underground bitches get your throats cut
[Swifty]
What the fuck?!  Is you stupid?
I choke Whitey Ford with his fuckin guitar cord
and
stuff
him in cardboard, chopped up in a box
with sixteen parts, I stomped on his heart
D-12, Amityville, fuck your mother while you watch
Keep your restaraunt locked and block your door
Cause we "Hit 'Em Up" like motherfuckin Tupac Shakur
[Eminem]
You a, "Black Jesus," heart attack seizures
Too many cheeseburgers McDonald's Big Mac greases
White devil, washed up honkey
Mixed up cracker who crossed over to country
{*laughing*}
Yo, aiyyo cut this shit off
{*needle drags, beat stops*}
Fuck him, that's it, I'm done, I promise, I'm done, that's it
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I promise
I just believe in kickin a man while he's down
God damn!  I quit
Mention my daughter's name in a song again you fuckin punk

_____
hos dig ar jag stark
hos dig ar jag underbar
hos dig har jag allt
da vagar jag stanna kvar
men nar du inte ser
nar du inte ror mig
ja, om du har hittat nan annan
sag nu hur du ser mig
jag undrar om du
hade kraft att ge dig av
eller mod att stanna kvar
vaga bygga pa nat nytt
jag undrar om du
har kunnat ge och kunnat ta
kunnat oppna dig som jag
vagat vara har och nu
for allt jag kraver ar ett svar
nar jag tagit slut
nar jag inte orkar mer
nar radslan tar vid
nar radslan forstar mig mer
da kan jag inte se
da kan jag inte rora dig
har jag da hittat nan annan?
sag nu hur du ser mig
:/: jag undrar om du
hade kraft att ge dig av
eller mod att stanna kvar
vaga bygga pa nat nytt
jag undrar om du
har kunnat ge och kunnat ta
kunnat oppna dig som jag
(vagat vara har och nu)
for allt jag kraver ar ett svar :/:
jag undrar om du
har kunnat ge och kunnat ta
har kunnat oppna dig som jag
vagat vara har och nu
for allt jag kraver ar ett svar
hos dig ar jag stark
hos dig ar jag underbar...

_____
[Intro]
So i changed, huh
You got a phone,
Pick it up, call me
[Chorus:]
How come, we don't even talk no mo',
And you don't even call no mo',
We don't barely keep in touch at all,
And I don't even feel the same love when we hug no mo',
And I heard it through the grape vine we been beefin' now,
After all the years we've been down,
Ain't no way, no how,
This bullshit can't be true,
We family, aint a damn thing change unless it's you
[Verse One]
We were so young,
So full of life and vivrance,
Side by side wherever you was ridin?, I went,
So close or most us some Bonnie and Clyde shit,
When Ronnie died you was right by my side,
With a shoulder to cry on and a tissue to wipe my eyes,
And a bucket to catch every tear I cried inside it,
You even had the same type of childhood I did,
Sometimes I just wanna know why,
Is it that you sur-came to yours,
And mine I survived it,
You ran the streets I nine to fived it,
We grew up, grew apart this time went by us,
Then I blew up to both yours and mine surprises,
Now I feel the vibe I just cant describe it,
Much as your pride tries to hide it,
You're cold your touch is just like ice,
And your eyes is the look of resentment,
I can sense it and I don't like it
[Chorus]
(Kon Artis)
[Verse Two]
It was my dream at first to be all spittin the verse,
On my own album with a deal but shit got worse,
So I came out I would'a killed a nigga first,
'Fore I let him disrespect me,
Or check me up with somethin' worse,
Some bitch that I wasn't with,
I would'a hit her to would'a quit,
But you were plain talkin' to her,
And tell her she was the shit,
I told you don't get involved with her,
You were smoking the cron'c with her,
Coming out'a the bar with her,
Stumblin' half drunk,
Like y'all husband or wife or somthin',
But me catchin' he fuckin' other nigga,
Must've hurt your pride or somthin',
'Cause you wolf I fit them after people,
Like you want it with me,
When all I tried to do is show you that your bitch was shifty,
And lyrics is the

_____
Dime si hoy
podras besarme sin que pase el tiempo
sabes quien soy y quiero amarte sin pedir perdon
Sabes que ayer, volando juntos, nos llevaba el viento
Sabes amor, el suave ronroneo de tu piel
Parece que fue ayer, crei que nunca iba a amanecer,
sonaba con ver hacer la brisa fresca bajo el sol, no, no
no puede ser, hoy tengo un angel libre solo para mi y ya no se que hacer
con tanta vida en mi interior
Dime si hoy
podras besarme sin que pase el tiempo
sabes quien soy y quiero amarte sin pedir perdon
Sabes que ayer, volando juntos, nos llevaba el viento
Sabes amor, el suave ronroneo de tu piel
Ensename a sentir, sin preocuparme de nada mas
tu voz me guiara por un paisaje para dos
Ayudame a intentar, dibujar un mundo perfecto sin adios
y asi poder seguir, con este sueno entre tu y yo
Dime si hoy
podras besarme sin que pase el tiempo
sabes quien soy y quiero amarte sin pedir perdon
Sabes que ayer, volando juntos, nos llevaba el viento
Sabes amor, el suave ronroneo de tu piel
Somos como el agua desbordandonos,
recorriendo juntos mares de ilusiones
descubriendo nuevas formas de amor
Dime si hoy
podras besarme sin que pase el tiempo
sabes quien soy y quiero amarte sin pedir perdon
Sabes que ayer, volando juntos, nos llevaba el viento
Sabes amor, el suave ronroneo de tu piel

_____
[Intro]
Yo check this out! In life, you got your want to be's
You got your going to be's, and you got your has been's
Then you got your hustlers and hardcore
[Domingo]
Oh a line with fakes a time
Fresh time, with sure more times
Jimminy two time respect mine
Big click with breakfast and blacklist
War! War! War! War!
Vision, knocking you out motherfucker listen
Superstition can help you in this battle
G's and sandles who surround you in all the angles
All over your shit in shamble
Looking the little of latter you fucking runt
[Chorus 4x]
Hustlers! Hustlers and Hardcore!
Giving you more than what you asking for!
[Domingo]
Danger hander
Banging swinging banner all single hander
Hit the left propaganda
Ill manner bad grammar stander
Got the people chasing with cameras by the manner
Hit and slap us, so pajamas
Hiding under clothes in dirty hampers
Happy brands will make them happy campers
Little laughter
Shit nappers
[Eminem]
I'll puke eat and freak you
Battle, I'm too weeded to speak to
The only key that I see to defeat you
Would be for me to remove these two Adidas and beat you
And force feed you them both and on each feet is a cleat shoe
I lift you off your feet so fast with a round house
You'll think I pulled the fucking ground out from underneath you
I ain't no fucking g, I'm a canibal
I ain't trying to shoot you, I'm trying to chop you into pieces and eat you
Rap you in rope and glass, strapped to a soakin matress
Coke and acid, black magic, cloaks and daggers
Fuck the planet until it spins on a broken axis
[Chorus 4x]

_____
Hi folks, I'm the illness rapper with the flash maker
want the bartender, this bitch, to suck his own dick
go! pig! harder
your blow freak face is wicked
I just take it and suck parts of it, yo!
Why do you want me to go, asshole?
you don't like me? fuck you bastard,
I don't want to be smart, be a retard!!!
fuckin' nightmare, you and this slut, you want bullets!?
cuz I sure have bullees, I always gat bullets,
enter the closets! (bang)
chorus*2  :  I ain't goin' like trakk
super mc's, you wanna robb my flow, don't you?!
I'm trakk
mc, rapper, so why try harder
Fuck P. and fuck O. slut L. and bitch I.
My rap is goin' on I'm so weeded ans so hight
slap C. hang E. FUCK COPS yo!
that's for you I shave my nuts
slut!!!!!
I enter the liquor store eight times a day
Stop laughtin' bad ba...ba...bastard, let me pay
shit they're comin'...
fuck P.O.L.I.C.E. (woooo! woooo! woooooo!) ha!ha! catch me!
you think I give a fuck, I give a fuck about nothin'
I act as if I'm alone on this planet, no respectin'
chorus*2
Now, how, will I go out of this cage
I try to get my brain away, but it only brings me rage
fuck it now trakk,
let's just see
meet pya mc, maybe he can prescribe pills to me
Hey you! green doggy,
you gat tha doggy syle man, don't you know it?! (waoufff!!!)
Ouch! fuckin' dog!
nine-inch nails through your ass
smoke that grass, now make your last wish, fast!!!!!! (bang!!)
chorus*2

_____
Whatever..
yo dre just let it rhyme..Turn the beat up a lil bit
aye yo this song if for anyone fuck it just shut up and listen aye yo
I sit back with the pack of zig zags and this bag of this weed it gives me
the shit needed to be the most meanest MC
On this earth and sence birth I've been cursed with this curse to just curse
and just blirk it's bazerk and bizare shit that works
And it sells and it helps in itself to relieve all this tension despensin me
sentence is gettin the stress that's been eatin me recently off of this
chest and I rest again peacefully
But at least have the decency in you to leave me alone when you freaks see
me out in the street when I'm eatin or feedin my daughter to not come and
speak to me
I don't know you and no i don't owe you a mutha' fuckin thing I'm not
Mr.N'SYNC I'm not what your friends think I'm not Mr. Friendly I can be a
prick if you tempt me my tank is on empty
No patients is in me and if you offend me I'm lifting you ten feet
In the air I don't care who was there and who saw me destroy you I'll call
you a lawyer file you a law suite I'll smile in the court room and buy you a
wardsrobe I'm tired of arguin'
I don't mean to be mean but that's all I can be it's just me
Chorus:
And I am whatever you say i am
If i wasnt then why would i say i am?
In the Papers, the news, everyday i am
Radio wont even play my jam
And I am whatever you say i am
If i wasnt then why would i say i am?
In the Papers, the news, everyday i am
I dont know thats just the way i am.
Sometimes i just feel like my father i hate to be bothered with all of this
nonsense its constant 'Oh its his lyrical content the song guilty conscience has
gotten such rotten responses' and all of this conterversy circles me and it
seems the the media immediatly points a finger at me so i point one back at them
but not the index or pinky or the ring or the thumb its the one you put up when
u dont give a fuck when you wont just put up wit the bullshit they pull cause
they full of shit too when a dudes gettin bullied and shoos up the school and
they blame it on marylin and the heroine where were the parents at? and look
where its at? Middle America Now its a tradegy now its so sad to see, an Upper
class city, havin this happenin then attack Emine cause i rap this way? but im
glad cause they feed me the fuel that i need for the fire and its burning and
burnin and i have return
Chorus:
And I am whatever you say i am
If i wasnt then why would i say i am?
In the Papers, the news, everyday i am
Radio wont even play my jam
And I am whatever you say i am
If i wasnt then why would i say i am?
In the Papers, the news, everyday i am
I dont know thats just the way i am.
Im so sick and tired of being admired that i wished that i would just die or get
fired and drop from my label and stop wit the fables im not gunna be able to top
a 'My Name is' and pigeon hold in to some poppy sensation its caught me
roatating on rock 'n' roll stations and i just do not got the patience to deal
with these cocky Cau Casions who think im some wigger who tries to be black
cause i talk wit an accient and grab on my ball so they always keep askin the
same fuckin questions 'What school did i go to what hood i grew up in' the why
the who what and the where and the how till im grabbin my hair and im tearing it
cause they drivin me crazy i cant take it im racin im pacing i stand then i sit
and im thankful for every fan that i get but i cant take a shit in the bathroom
without someone standing by it "You know i wont sign your autograh you can call
me and asshole im glad!"
Chorus:
And I am whatever you say i am
If i wasnt then why would i say i am?
In the Papers, the news, everyday i am
Radio wont even play my jam
And I am whatever you say i am
If i wasnt then why would i say i am?
In the Papers, the news, everyday i am
I dont know thats just the way i am

_____
How it happens
I don't care
If it's raining or what I wear
I know today is taking me
where I'm meant to be
Doesn't matter where
I go with my boy shoes and my rock star phone
I'm waiting for a friend call
or the rain to fall
Life goes by
Who knows why
Chorus
I can't wait for the world to spin
and i can't wait to be up again
oh whats it gonna take
I can't  for the time to come
when i'll be shining like the sun
I can't wait
I can't wait
Bum
bum bum bum
bum bum bum
bum bum bum
Yeah
Everybody has their day
when things just seem to go their way
an angels gonna smile on me
when it's meant to be
cause anything is possible
no matter how incredible
you know who i might meet on this crowded street
Life goes on
like a song
Chorus

_____
alright yall i can't freestyle for shit but here goes
i have a mullet
you all call it a fullet
you think i'm a bitch
i'll show you its you i'll ditch
your a faggot ,a maggot
i think i'll call you doggot
your my bro its all kol
but your a fool
steppin' up to me
you have to see
you may be bigger, tougher
but my words are rougher
your a dickhead
you stole the matteress off my bed
lets go,come on
i'll take you
your nothin' just like john
one more thing
FUCK YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!

_____
(Mehki)
Well Jimmy moved in with his mother cuz he ain't got no place to go
(Eminem)
And now I'm right back in the gutter with a garbage bag that's full of
clothes
(M)
Cuz you live at home in a trailer, what the hell you gonna do?
(E)Yeehaw!
Cuz I live at home in a trailer, mom I'm coming home to you
Well my name is Jimmy his name's Greg Buel, me, him and you we
went to the same school, this ain't cool I'm in a rage, he's tappin
my mom, we're almost the same age, on the microphone, I drop
bombs, look at this car, THANKS A LOT MOM!, here happy birthday rabbit,
here's a brand new car you can have it, a 1928 delta
this shit wont even get me to the shelter and i cant even say im from the motown, cuz im back in the 8 1 0 now
cuz I live at home in a
trailer, mom I'm coming home to you...

_____
[Intro]
You still love me?
Take this. [2 guns cock]
You ready? 1.. 2.. 3! [2 shots]
[Chorus]
The more you, put me through,
The more it makes me wanna come back to you,
You say you hate me, I just love you more,
You don't want me, I just want you more,
I buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me,
I know it's sad but it's makin me happy,
The more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on,
Cuz you love me, and I love you more.
[Verse 1]
It's sick, but who could ever predict,
We'd be doin' the same shit,
We say we do it for our baby but we don't,
We do it for us, it's lust,
Cuz neither one of us trusts each other,
So we fuck 'til we bust,
Then we cuss each other, out,
We know what it's about,
Shout 'til I throw you out the house,
You throw me out the house,
I throw you on the couch,
Punch you in the mouth,
Fist fight 'til we turn this mother OUT,
And apologize after,
Laughter, pain, it's insane,
We're back in the same chapter again,
And it's sad but it's true,
When I'm layin' here with you,
There ain't nothin' anyone could ever say ever do.
[Chorus]
[Verse 2]
Cuz I hate you, do you hate me?
Good cuz you're so fuckin' beautiful when you're angry,
It makes me wanna just take you,
And just throw you on the bed,
And fuck you like I don't even know you,
You fuck other people, and I fuck other people,
You a slut but I'm equal, I'm a mutt,
We're both evil in our ways,
But neither one of us would ever admit it,
Cuz one of us would have one up on the other,
So forget it,
We can make accusations, people spread rumors,
But they ain't got proof,
'Til they do it's just the two of us,
It's you and me, cuz any chick can say that she's screwin' me,
But you gotta believe me to a degree,
Cuz if you didn't I wouldn't be hittin' it,
Yeah I would cuz the sex is too damn good,
If I ran who would I run to,
That would be this soft and warm,
So it's off and on, usually more off than on,
But at least we know that we share this common bond,
You're the only one I can fuck without a condom on,
I hope, the only reason that I cope,
Is cuz of that fact,
And plus I can bust in that,
And that's why...
[Chorus]
[Verse 3]
I could never understand it,
That's why I don't try,
From junior high until we both die,
It's silly ho why must we try,
Is it really so rough,
That we must always call each other's billy goat's gruff,
Try to pull each other's legs,
Until the other begs,
We're liein' to ourselves,
That's the beauty of it yeah,
Cuz we truly love each other,
That's why we always fight,
And all we do is shove each other,
Every other fuckin' night,
And it's clear it ain't gonna change,
It's pent up rage,
We both have,
We both feel like we've been upstaged by someone else,
We've both been,
Someone else's someone else,
Problem is neither one wants help,
It's an addiction and it can't be fixed,
Our family's mixed up,
There's a baby sister in the mix,
And it hurts cuz the pieces to the puzzle don't fit,
And anybody who thinks they know us doesn't know shit,
And they're probably just tired of hearin' it all the time,
On every song, every lyric, and every rhyme,
All the hoopla, all of the whoopdy whoop,
What you put me through, fuckin' whoopdy doo,
But I won't be made a fool of,
If this is true love,
You wouldn't do what,
You did last time,
You wouldn't screw up,
This time,
Cuz this time girl,
I'm tellin you what,
You do it again I'm fuckin you up,
No matter what...
[Bridge]
What you say, what you do,
I'ma hunt you down 'til I find you,
No matter where you run, I'll be right there,
Right behind you, in your nightmares,
All the flowers, and the candy,
All the times that you threw it back at me,
You say you hate me, you gon' hate me more,
When you find out, can't escape me whore.
[Chorus]

_____
That's why they call me Slim Shady
(I'm Back)... I'm Back... (I'm Back)... I'm Back
That's why they call me Slim Shady
(I'm Back)... I'm Back... (I'm Back)... I'm Back
That's why they call me Slim Shady
(I'm Back)... I'm Back... (I'm Back)... I'm Back
That's why they call me Slim Shady
(I'm Back)... I'm Back... (I'm Back)... I'm Back
I murder a rhyme one word at a time
You never heard of a mind as perverted as mine
You better get rid of that .9 it ain't gonna help
What goods it gonna do against a man that strangles himself?
I'm waiting for hell, like hell shit I'm anxious as hell.
Manson you're safe in that cell.  Be thankful its jail.
I used to be my mommy's little angel at twelve
at thirteen I was putting shells in the gauge on the shelf.
I used to get punked and bullied on my block till I cut a kitten's head off
and stuck it in this kids mailbox. (mom! ... mom! ..)
I used to give a fuck now i could give a fuck less.
What do I think of success. It sucks.  Too much press.
Stress, too much cess, and breasts, too upset
It's just, too much mess, I guess, I must just blew up quick (yes)
Grew up quick (no) Was raised right. Whatever you say's wrong
Whatever I say's right. You think of my name now whenever you say
Hi!  became a commodity because I'm W-H-I-T-E cuz
MTV was so friendly to me, can't wait till Kim sees me.
Now is it worth it?  Look at my life.  How is it perfect?
Read my lips bitch, what?, my mouth isn't working
You hear this finger ... oh it's upside down, here
Let me turn this motherfucker up right now.
That's why they call me Slim Shady
(I'm Back)... I'm Back... (I'm Back)... I'm Back
That's why they call me Slim Shady
(I'm Back)... I'm Back... (I'm Back)... I'm Back
That's why they call me Slim Shady
(I'm Back)... I'm Back... (I'm Back)... I'm Back
That's why they call me Slim Shady
(I'm Back)... I'm Back... (I'm Back)... I'm Back
I take each individual degenerates head and reach into it
just to see if he's influenced by me if he listens to music.
and if he feeds into this shit he's an innocent victim
and becomes a puppet on the string of my tennis shoe.
My name is Slim Shady, I been crazy way before radio didn't
play me.  The sensational (back is the incredible!)
with Ken Kaniff who just finds them inedible.
It's Ken Kaniff on the internet trying to lure your kids
with him into bed.  It's a sick world we live in these days.
Slim for pete's sake put down Christopher Reeve's legs!
Geez, you guys are so sensitive, Slim it's a touchy subject,
try and just don't mention it.
Mind with no sense in it, fried, gets so frentic* cuz
eyes get so squinted, I'm blind from smokin em
with my windows tinted with nine limos rented doin' lines of coke
in 'em with a bunch of guys hoppin out all high and dosing it
And that's where I get my name from
That's why they call me
They call me Slim Shady
(I'm Back)... I'm Back... (I'm Back)... I'm Back
That's why they call me Slim Shady
(I'm Back)... I'm Back... (I'm Back)... I'm Back
That's why they call me Slim Shady
(I'm Back)... I'm Back... (I'm Back)... I'm Back
That's why they call me Slim Shady
(I'm Back)... I'm Back... (I'm Back)... I'm Back
I take seven kids from Columbine and stand em all in line
add an Ak-47, a revolver, a .9, A Mac-11 and it oughtta
solve the problem of my mind and that's a whole school
of bullies shot up all at one time. Cuz I'm Shady
they call me as crazy as the world was over this whole Y2k thing
and by the way N'Sync why do they sing? Am I the only one who
realizes they stink? Should I dye my hair pink and
care what y'all think? Lip-sync and buy a bigger size ear rings?
That's why I tend to block out when I hear things
cuz all these fans screaming is making my ears ring
So I just throw up my middle finger and let it linger
longer than the rumor that I was stickin' it to Christina
cuz if I ever stuck it to any singer in showbiz It'd be
Jennifer Lopez and Puffy you know this im Sorry Puff,
but I don't give a fuck if this chick was my own mother,
I'd still fuck her with no rubber, and cum inside her,
and have a son and a new brother at the same time,
and just say that it ain't mine, What's my name?
I'm Slim Shady
(I'm Back)... I'm Back... (I'm Back)... I'm Back
That's why they call me Slim Shady
(I'm Back)... I'm Back... (I'm Back)... I'm Back
That's why they call me Slim Shady
(I'm Back)... I'm Back... (I'm Back)... I'm Back
they call me Slim Shady
(I'm Back)... I'm Back... (I'm Back)... I'm Back
Guess who's back?
Gue-gue-guess who's back?
Hi Mom!
Guess who's back?
Gue-gue-guess who's back?
D12
Guess who's back?
Gue-gue-guess who's back?
Dr. Dre
Guess who's back?
Gue-gue-guess who's back?
Slim Shady 2001
im Blew out from this blunt
fuck

_____
Damn it feels good to be back
I'm having a relapse
How the hell did he manage
To get more felony charges?
He's already got life in jail
Man, what the hell is his problem?
Well to be honest the smell of these chronic leaves make me hella demonic
They compelled me
To kill this elderly man
And i get these panic attacks
Pop a xanax, relax
Try to stick my fucking dick
Inside a mannequins ass
Then i get manic depressed
And the orthodontist get gas masked
Kick ass
The first thing i'll put on is the mask
Speaking of masks, man
It aint to late to have a change of pace
And take it off and show my face
So you can see the things you face
And slice you up
And cook you after your murder
By strangulation
Thats bacon souffle
You making aint you
Well thank you jason
There goes one more coma
Due to blunt force trauma
Just give me one more soma
And i'll be done for it mama
Go in the damn broom closet
Another valium lost it
Shovin the vacuums nozzle
Down the bathroom faucet
It seems like every day i get a little flakier
The medication is making my hands a little shakier
Hand me that 18 month old baby
To shake him up
It'll only take me a second to choke his trachea
Breaking his neck in 80 some places
Baby here shady comes lady
He's got the razor ba-blades and the cha-cha-chainsaw-saw baby
You b-b-blundering bumbling m-m-mumbling dumm dumms
Yeah, here i come come you hear the rumbling, vrum vrum
Theres something inside of that blue tarp
And that drum drum
A head and torso of someone
Where'd it come from?
Who's it belong to
Maybe that girl with the long blond hair
Who disappeared and left her cheerleader pom poms
Clearly theres some'n wrong
'Cause she didn't come home
Shes missing
Where is she
Something fishy is going on
I guess he stuck the bitch with the pitchfork with the long prongs
Now everybody get your dance on
To my damn song
C'mon

_____
I'm not being nasty here but have
you heard
I'm not being nasty now don't you say a word
I'm not being nasty 'bout the girl
next door
I'm not being nasty when I say she's a hmmmmmm
I'm not being nasty 'bout Eminemmylou
But she strikes me she's big-headed too
I'm not being nasty all the men that she sees
What can you expect from her
pedigrees
I'm not being nasty but when you know
about her bro
They say he's a pimp and the cousin is a ho
And the mother steals from the
corner stall
And the sister well she's a big mouth
and all
I'm not being nasty here you should hear
the things she said
All that swearing has affected her head
I'm not being nasty but she's been
sacked from her job
What can you expect when her
father's in the mob
I'm not being nasty here but you're
a fuckin' liar
I'm not being nasty here but you're
a fuckin' liar
I'm not being nasty here but you're
a fuckin' liar
I'm not being nasty here but you're
a fuckin' liar
Do I care what you really think?
You're a critic you think everybody stinks
You say mean things and you wrap em up nice
Expect us to listen and to pass it on twice
We all say
So What (bout what you say)
So What (youye a liar anyway)
So What (talk to the hand cause
the ears ain't listening)
So What !!!!!!!!!!
I'm not being nasty here but you're
a fuckin' liar
I'm not being nasty here but you're
a fuckin' liar
I'm not being nasty here but you're
a fuckin' liar
I'm not being nasty here but you're
a fuckin' liar
I'm not being nasty but what about
her health
It's just not surprising she's left
on the shelf
I'm not being nasty but she's
got no pride
She couldn't lift a finger
even if she tried
Her house is a right mess, and I
do confess
There's grime in her kitchen and
slime I would guess
I'm sure that her food is not very tasty
But I swear to you I'm not being nasty
I'm not being nasty but she's
no spring chicken
And her old handbag I wouldn't
be sick in
I'm not being nasty,
I don't like saying slapper
But look what the cat's dragged
in, a she-rapper
I'm not being nasty have you
ever heard
Have I in my life ever said a bad word
I'm not being nasty I don't know
what it means
But your reputation doesn't mean a
hill of beans
I'm not being nasty here but you're
a fuckin' liar
I'm not being nasty here but you're
a fuckin' liar
I'm not being nasty here but you're
a fuckin' liar
I'm not being nasty here but you're
a fuckin' liar
Do I care what you really think?
You're a critic you think
everybody stinks
You say mean things and you wrap
em up nice
Expect us to listen and to pass
it on twice
We all say
So What (bout what you say)
So What (you're a liar anyway)
So What (talk to the hand cause the
ears ain't listening)
So What!!!!!!!!!!
I'm not being nasty here but you're
a fuckin' liar
I'm not being nasty here but you're
a fuckin' liar
I'm not being nasty here but you're
a fuckin' liar
I'm not being nasty here but you're
a fuckin' liar
Well she needn't have taken it like that
I was only saying I'm not being nasty...
But she doesn't dress very nice
And I'm sure I saw head lice
SO WHAT!
And she also raps in an American
accent!!!

_____
(Talking)
May I have your attention please,
may I have your attention please,
will the real slim shady please stand up,
I repeat will the real slim shady please stand up
.....we're gonna have a problem here.........
(Verse 1)
Ya'll act like you never seen a white person before
jaws all on the floor
like Pam and Tommy just burst in the door
and started whoopin her ass worse than before
they first were divorced
throwing her over furniture (aaaaaah)
It's the return of the...
"awww..wait, no wait, you're kidding,
he didn't just say what I think he did,
did he?"
and Dr. Dre said...
nothing you idiots, Dr Dre's dead
he's locked in my basement
feminist women love eminem
chicka chicka chicka slim shady,
"I'm sick of him, look it him
walkin around, grabbin his you know what
flippin' to you know who"
"yeah, but he's so cute though"
yeah, I probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose
but no worse than what's goin on in your parents bedroom (eheheheh)
sometimes, I wanna get on TV and just let loose
but can't, but it's cool for Tom Green to hump a dead moose
My bum is on your lips, My bum is on your lips
and if I'm lucky, you might just give it a little kiss
and that's the message that we deliver to little kids
and expect them not to know what a woman's clitoris is
of course they're gonna know what intercourse is
by the time they hit 4th grade
they got the discovery channel, dont they?
we ain't nothing but mammals
well, some of us cannibals
who cut other people open like antelopes
but if we can hump dead animals and antelopes
then there's no reason that a man and another man can't elope
but if you feel like I feel, I got the antedote
women wave your pantyhose, sing the chorus and it goes........
(Chorus)
I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady
all you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
so wont the real Slim Shady please stand up,
please stand up, please stand up
cause I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady
all you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
so wont the real Slim Shady please stand up,
please stand up, please stand up
(Verse 2)
Will Smith don't got to cuss in his raps to sell records
well I do, so fuck him and fuck you too
you think I give a damn about a granny
half of you critics can't even stomach me, let alone stand me
"but slim, what if you win, wouldn't it be weird"
why? so you guys can just lie to get me here
so you can sit me here next to Britney Spears
bullshit,Christina Aguilera better switch me chairs,
so I can sit next to Carson Daily and Fred Durst
and hear em argue over who she gave head to first
little bitch, put me on blast on MTV
"yeah, he's cute, but I think he's married to Kim, hee hee"
I should download her audio on MP3
and show the whole world how you gave eminem VD (aaaaaah)
I'm sick of you little girl and boy groups
all you do is annoy me
so I have been sent here to destroy you
and there's a million of us just like me
who cuss like me, who just don't give a fuck like me
who dress like me, walk, talk and act like me
and just might be the next best thing, but not quite me......
(Chorus)
I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady
all you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
so won't the real Slim Shady please stand up,
please stand up, please stand up
cause I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady
all you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
so wont the real Slim Shady please stand up,
please stand up, please stand up
(Verse 3)
I'm like a head trip to listen to
cause I'm only giving you things
you joke about with your friends inside you livin' room
the only difference is I got the balls to say it
in front of ya'll and I don't gotta be false or sugar coated at all
I just get on the mike and spit it
and whether you like to admit it (riiip)
I just shitted it better than 90% you rappers out there
then you wonder how can
kids eat up these albums like vaccums
it's funny,cause at the rate I'm going when I'm thirty
I'll be the only person in the nursing home flirting
pinching nurses asses while I'm jackin off with jergen's
and I'm jerkin' but this whole bag of viagra isn't working
in every single person there's a slim shady lurkin
he could be workin at burger king, spittin on your onion rings
or in the parking lot, circling, screamin I dont give a fuck
with his windows down and his system up
so will the real shady please stand up
and put 1 of those fingers on each hand up
and be proud to be outta your mind and outta control
and 1 more time, loud as you can, how does it go? ...........
(Chorus)
I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady
all you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
so wont the real Slim Shady please stand up,
please stand up, please stand up
cause I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady
all you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
so wont the real Slim Shady please stand up,
please stand up, please stand up
cause I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady
all you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
so wont the real Slim Shady please stand up,
please stand up, please stand up
cause I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady
all you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
so wont the real Slim Shady please stand up,
please stand up, please stand up
(Talking)
haha guess there's a slim shady in all of us........
fuck it let's all stand up

_____
Intro:
Where's my snare?
I have no snare on my headphones
There you go
Yeah
Yo yo
Verse #1
Have you ever been hated, or discriminated against?
I have, I've been protested and demostrated against
Picket signs for my wickid rhymes, look at the times
Sick as the mind, of the mother fucking kid that's behind
All this commotion, emotions run deep as oceans exploding
Tempers flaring from parents just blow em off and keep going
Not taking nothing from no one, give em hell long as I'm breathing
Keep kicking ass in the morning, and taking names in the evening
Leave them with a taste sour as vinegar in they mouth
See they can trigger me, but they'll never figure me out
Look at me now, I betcha prolly sick of me now
Ain't you mama, I'ma make you look so ridiculous now
Chorus x2
I'm sorry mama
I never meant to hurt you
I never meant make you cry
But tonight, I'm cleaning out my closet
One More Time
I'm sorry mama
I never meant to hurt you
I never meant make you cry
But tonight, I'm cleaning out my closet
Ha!
Verse #2
I got some skeletons in my closet
And I dont know if no one knows it
So before they throw me inside my coffin and close it
I'ma expose it, I'll take you back to '73
Before I ever had a multi-platinum selling CD
I was a baby maybe I was just a couple of months
My faggot father must've had his panties up in a bunch
'Cause he split, I wonder if he even kissed me goodbye
No I don't, on second thought I just fucking wished he would die
I look at Hailey, and I couldn't picture leaving her side
Even if I hated Kim, I grin my teeth and I try to make it work
With her atleast for Hailie's sake I maybe made some mistakes
But I'm only human but I'm man enough to face them today
What I did was stupid, no doubt it was dumb
But the smartest shit I did was take the bullets outta that gun
Cause I'd of killed em, shit I would've shot Kim and him both
It's my life, I'd like to welcome ya'll to the Eminem show
Chorus x2
Verse #3
Now I would never diss my own mama just to get recognition
Take a second to listen for who you think this record is dissing
But put yourself in my position, just try to envision
Witnessing your mama popping prescription pills in the kitchen
Bitching that someone's always going through her purse when shit's missing
Going through public housing systems, victim of munchhausen syndrome
My whole life I was made to believe I was sick when I wasn't
'Til I grew up, now I blew up it makes you sick to your stomach, doesn't it?
Wasn't it the reason you made that CD for me, ma?
So you could try to justify the way you treated me, ma?
But guess what, your getting older now and it's cold when your lonely
And Nathan's growing up so quick he's gonna know that your phoney
And Hailie's getting so big now, you should see her, she's beautiful
But you'll never see her, she wont even be at your funeral *hahaha*
See what hurts me the most, is you wont admit you was wrong
Bitch, do your song, keep telling yourself that you was a mum
But how dare you try to take what you didn't help me to get
You selfish bitch, I hope you fucking burn in hell for this shit!
Remember when Ronnie died and you said you wished it was me?
Well guess what, I am dead, dead to you as can be
Chorus x2

_____
[Dr. Dre]
Check Check, 1,2 , 1,2 1,2(it's rolling)
Yea yea yea Dr. Dre up in here Y'all know what this is.
Its what y'all been waiting for Funk Master Flex, Big Kap,
Def Jam Records giving it to you baby.
Yo Eminem show these mother fuckers what time it is baby
[Eminem]
I used to be a lonely man, only mad, until I got a million dollars, shit
Now if i only had some fucking hair I'd pull it, faster than a bullet
Out of Tupac's chest before the ambulance came too late to do it
I'm trying to grow it back again, it was an accident
I had my back against the fan and chopped it off in Amsterdam
I hate the straight jacket it aint latching, and can't lock it
So they stapled my hand to my pants pockets
The cell's padded and battered like someone else had it
Before me, and just kept throwing they fucking selfs at it
My head is aching, I'm dedicated to medication
But this med is taking to long to bring me this sedadation? (Come on!)
Anyway I got down with Dre (What up?) 
The first man who taught me how the glock sounded to spray
Running up and down the street screaming, "Fuck the Police"
When you still had your mother's fucking Nipple stuck in your teeth
(Fucking baby) Became a role model after Colorado
Now all they do is follow me around and holla Bravo!
Hell yea I punch my bitch and beat my kids in public
Suck my dick, bitch
I'm sick enough to fuck a man in his face but I won't
Cause you'll probably wanna stand in his place
So put a sock in it, with your fake-ass Tupac image
You faggots ain't tough, you just get drunk and become talkative
(Wanna Fight?) I'm probably the akwardest alcoholic talking
Walking like a midget with a ladder in his back pocket
So when you see me on your block stumbling, mumbling
A bunch of dumb shit like my drunk uncle does
I ain't buzzed, I'mm juss high on life
So why on earth would I need drugs, when I can fly on kites?
Motherfuckers, Slim Shady
Dr Dre: Dr Dre!
Eminem: I'm drunk pass the tec
[Eminem And Dr. Dre ]
Cause if I get locked up tonite!
Then I might not come home tonite!
[Dre] Keep it moving! Off and on, Eminem is on
Off and on, Dr. Dre is On
Cause if I get locked up tonite!
Then I might not come home tonite!
[Dre] Keep it moving! Off and on, Eminem is on
Off and on, Dr. Dre is On
[Eminem]
The whole entire world can sit and twirl like a whirling tire
I set a fucking girl on fire with a curling iron (AHH!)
Psych I'm just joking, for christ sake
Dont get so bent out of shape 
Cause I went out and raped six girlfriends
Some people just don't get it, but I won't let it upset me
Cause they don't know better
They don't know what the fuck its like to be so fed up
And fed so many uppers you're down and won't get up
My mind's got a mind of it's own, sometimes I can't find it at home
It hides in the stove (Hello, where you at?)
Shit, talk about your brain being baked
My shit's still in the oven on 480 De-Grades
Hailey Jade, daddy loves you baby,
Don't ever tell me how to raise my daughter fuck you lady
You critics wanna criticize but couldnt visualize
Individuals lives through a criminal's eyes
The neighborhood that I grew up in you could die for nothing
And Dirty Dozen watches over me so try some dumb shit
I'll have a fucking man raped with a band-aid over his mouth
And shove his head in the fan blade
Don't ever tell me what I can and what I can't say
Or change cause of the age range in my fan base
Like I give a fuck who's buying this shit
Quit fucking buying it, I'm tired bitch, I'm dying to quit
Hip Hop is universal now, it's all commercial now
It's like a circle full of circus clowns up in the circuit now
But now the Withe kids like it, so they tell me I can buy it
But as soon as I get on the mic it's like the night get silent
Either that or booed, thats why I keep an attitude
And go to sleep with it and wake up with it every afternoon
I'm sick of being judged, fuck it let me see a judge
I'll confess to every murder I committed since 3 years old
[Eminem And Dr. Dre ]
Cause if I get locked up tonite!
Then I might not come home tonite!
[Dre] Keep it moving! Off and on, Eminem is on
Off and on, Dr. Dre is On
Cause if I get locked up tonite!
Then I might not come home tonite!
[Dre] Keep it moving! Off and on, Eminem is on
Off and on, Dr. Dre is On
[Dr. Dre]
Fuck that, turn that shit off
Let's get the fuck out of here
You know how we do (echo)

_____
Life.. by Marshall Mathers
What is life?
Life is like a big obstacle
put in front of your optical to slow you down
And everytime you think you gotten past it
it's gonna come back around and tackle you to the damn ground
What are friends?
Friends are people that you think are your friends
But they really your enemies, with secret indentities
and disguises, to hide they true colors
So just when you think you close enough to be brothers
they wanna come back and cut your throat when you ain't lookin
What is money?
Money is what makes a man act funny
Money is the root of all evil
Money'll make them same friends come back around
swearing that they was always down
What is life?
I'm tired of life
I'm tired of backstabbing ass snakes with friendly grins
I'm tired of committing so many sins
Tired of always giving in when this bottle of Henny wins
Tired of never having any ends
Tired of having skinny friends hooked on crack and mini-thins
I'm tired of this DJ playing YOUR shit when he spins
Tired of not having a deal
Tired of having to deal with the bullshit without grabbing the steel
Tired of drowning in my sorrow
Tired of having to borrow a dollar for gas to start my Monte Carlo
I'm tired of motherfuckers spraying shit and dartin off
I'm tired of jobs startin off at five fifty an hour
then this boss wanders why I'm smartin off
I'm tired of being fired everytime I fart and cough
Tired of having to work as a gas station clerk
for this jerk breathing down my neck driving me bezerk
I'm tired of using plastic silverware
Tired of working in Building Square
Tired of not being a millionaire
But if I had a million dollars
I'd buy a damn brewery, and turn the planet into alcoholics
If I had a magic wand, I'd make the world suck my dick
without a condom on, while I'm on the john
If I had a million bucks
it wouldn't be enough, because I'd still be out
robbing armored trucks
If I had one wish
I would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss
I'm tired of being white trash, broke and always poor
Tired of taking pop bottles back to the party store
I'm tired of not having a phone
Tired of not having a home to have one in if I did have it on
Tired of not driving a BM
Tired of not working at GM, tired of wanting to be him
Tired of not sleeping without a Tylenol PM
Tired of not performing in a packed coliseum
Tired of not being on tour
Tired of fucking the same blonde whore after work
in the back of a Contour
I'm tired of faking knots with a stack of ones
Having a lack of funds and resorting back to guns
Tired of being stared at
I'm tired of wearing the same damn Nike Air hat
Tired of stepping in clubs wearing the same pair of Lugz
Tired of people saying they're tired of hearing me rap about drugs
Tired of other rappers who ain't bringin half the skill as me
saying they wasn't feeling me on "Nobody's As Ill As Me"
I'm tired of radio stations telling fibs
Tired of J-L-B saying "Where Hip-Hop Lives"
But if I had a million dollars
I'd buy a damn brewery, and turn the planet into alcoholics
If I had a magic wand, I'd make the world suck my dick
without a condom on, while I'm on the john
If I had a million bucks
it wouldn't be enough, because I'd still be out
robbing armored trucks
If I had one wish
I would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss
You know what I'm saying?
I'm tired of all of this bullshit
Telling me to be positive
How'm I 'sposed to be positive when I don't see shit positive?
Know what I'm sayin?
I rap about shit around me, shit I see
Know what I'm sayin?  Right now I'm tired of everything
Tired of all this player hating that's going on in my own city
Can't get no airplay, you know what I'm sayin?
But ey, it's cool though, you know what I'm sayin?
Just fed up
That's my word

_____
verse 1
now im not trying a be rude
but hey pretty girl im feeling you
the way you do the things you do
reminds me of my lexus cool
thats why im all off in your grill
trying a get you to a hotel
you must be a football coach
the way you got me playing the field
bridge
so baby give me that toot toot
and let me give you that beep beep
running her hands through my fro
bouncing on 24`s
thats why they say on the radio
chorus
its the remix to ignition
hot and fresh out the kitchen
mama rolling that body
got every man in here wishing
sipping on coke and rum
im like  so what im drunk
its the freaking weekend baby
im about to have me some fun
bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce
bounce bounce bounce come on
verse 2
its like murder she wrote
once i get you out them clothes
privacy is on the door
but still they can here you scream and moan
girl im feeling what you feeling
no more hoping and wishing
im about to take my key and stick it in the ignition
bridge
so give me that toot toot
and let me give you that beep beep
running her hands through my fro
bouncing on 24`s
thats why they say on the radio
chorus
its the remix to ignition
hot and fresh out the kitchen
mama rolling that body
got evey man in here wishing
sipping on coke and rum
im like  so what im drunk
its the freaking weekend baby
im about to have me some fun
verse 3
crystal popping in the stretch navigator
we got food everywhere as if the party was catered
we got fellas to my left
honeys on my right
we bring them both together we got drinking all night
then after the show its the after party
yeah and after the party its the hotel lobby
yeah round about 4 you gota clear the lobby
yeah and take it to your room and **** somebody
bridge
can i get a toot toot
can i get a beep beep
running her hands through my fro
bouncing on 24`s
thats why they say on the radio
chorus (x2)
its the remix to ignition
hot and fresh out the kitchen
mama rolling that body
got every man in here wishing
sipping on coke and rum
im like  so what im drunk
its the freaking weekend baby
im about to have me some fun
girl we off in this jeep
fogging windows up
blasting the radio
in the back of my truck
bouncing up and down
stroking round and round
to the remix
we thugging it out

_____
verse 1
now im not trying a be rude
but hey pretty girl im feeling you
the way you do the things you do
reminds me of my lexus cool
thats why im all off in your grill
trying a get you to a hotel
you mst be a football coach
the way you got me playing the field
bridge
so baby give me that toot toot
and let me give you that beep beep
running her hands through my fro
bouncing on 24`s
thats why they say on the radio
chorus
its the remix to ignition
hot and fresh out the kitchen
muma rolling that body
got every man in here wishing
sipping on coke and rum
im like "so what im drunk"
its the freaking weekend baby
im about to have me some fun
bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce
bounce bounce bounce come on
verse 2
its like murder she wrote
once i get you out them clothes
privacy is on the door
but still they can here you scream and moan
girl im feeling what you feeling
no more hoping and wishing
im about to take my key and stick it in the ignition
bridge
so give me that toot toot
and let me give you that beep beep
running her hands through my fro
bouncing on 24`s
thats why they say on the radio
chorus
its the remix to ignition
hot and fresh out the kitchen
mama rolling that body
got evey man in here wishing
sipping on coke and rum
im like "so what im drunk"
its the freaking weekend baby
im about to have me some fun
verse 3
crystal popping in the stretch navigator
we got food everywhere as if the party was catered
we got fellas to my left
honeys on my right
we bring them both together we got drinking all night
then after the show its the after party
yeah and after the party its the hotel lobby
yeah round about 4 you gota clear the lobby
yeah and take it to your room and **** somebody
bridge
can i get a toot toot
can i get a beep beep
running her hands through my fro
bouncing on 24`s
thats why they say on the radio
chorus (x2)
its the remix to ignition
hot and fresh out the kitchen
mama rolling that body
got every man in here wishing
sipping on coke and rum
im like "so what im drunk"
its the freaking weekend baby
im about to have me some fun
girl we off in this jeep
fogging windows up
blasting the radio
in the back of my truck
bouncing up and down
stroking round and round
to the remix
we thugging it out

_____
yo look at this world,
every body crazy,
peeps shootin up schools
killin manz on the doorsteps
who get the rush that they need
to get by with out bunin all the weed
but they aint nuffin but fuckin fools.
yo my sis just died from sum prick bringin gats into her scool
this aint cool,
now for her i gona make big,
i dont give a fuck no more
tierd of bein this poor
gona walk out of this door
gona learn to rap then i
gona rap till my hearts content
then boys an girls i gona present to you,
the next eminem
me,
fuckin
Nicky D!
yo,
im comin

_____
Go shorty, it's Beyonce,
We gon' party like, it's ya birthday,
We gettin' naughty like, it's ya birthday
So put ya drink up in the air if you feel sexy!
I'm the chick with the hot ish, manolo blahnik,
Jimmy choo kicks, killin' it, who you with?
Me & my girls at the party with the diamond zinati's
I'm that classy mami with the Marilyn Monroe body.
I'm that fly chick 5*6 Marc Jacob mini
Ghetto fabolous, glamourous, its effortless
Make up light, we with my pastel luis
Designer scarf, work of art, rockin' vintage Gucci
You can find me in the club, sippin' on some buds,
Daddy I got what you need you's a sexy little thug,
Don't wanna be your girl I ain't lookin for no love,
So come give me a hug, sexy little thug.
You can find me in the club, sippin' on some buds,
Daddy I got what you need you's a sexy little thug,
Don't wanna be your girl I ain't lookin for no love,
So come give me a hug, sexy little thug.
My nails my hair my diamond rings,
Shining with all my fancy things,
My crib my car my clothes my jewels,
Why you mad? Cause I came up and I ain't changed.
I'm that girl wearing chanel pearls,
Chandeliers in my ears from ???
Ya feelin my style, ya feelin my flow
Hair sheek, smells sweet, like flow to flow?
I'm the lady sipping baileys while I strut like a model
If the ladies wanna hate me I jus send them a bottle
I kno I got it but don't flaunt it even though brothas want it,
Dancin' dirrty while I'm flirtin, 'cause he' checkin' up on me.
You can find me in the club, sippin' on some buds,
Daddy I got what you need you's a sexy little thug,
Don't wanna be your girl I ain't lookin for no love,
So come give me a hug, sexy little thug.
You can find me in the club, sippin' on some buds,
Daddy I got what you need you's a sexy little thug,
Don't wanna be your girl I ain't lookin for no love,
So come give me a hug, sexy little thug.
My nails my hair my diamond rings,
Shining with all my fancy things,
My crib my car my clothes my jewels,
Why you mad? Cause I came up and I ain't changed, ohhh
ohhh, ohhh ohhh, ohhh!
ohhh, ohhh ohhh, ohhh.
ohhh, ohhh ohhh, ohhh!
ohhh, ohhhoooooooooooooooooooooowww!! (into hook)
You can find me in the club, sippin' on some buds,
Daddy I got what you need you's a sexy little thug,
Don't wanna be your girl I ain't lookin for no love,
So come give me a hug, sexy little thug.
You can find me in the club, sippin' on some buds,
Daddy I got what you need you's a sexy little thug,
Don't wanna be your girl I ain't lookin for no love,
So come give me a hug, sexy little thug.

_____
go, go, go, go, go, go,
go on luv, it's my birthday
you look tarty like its my birthday
ill buy you a bracardi like its my birthday
and you no im havin' a laugh, it's not my birthday
Chors x2
you'll find me in the pub,
with a pint of barley, luv
i've got a fiver if you let me see your juggs
im in there playin darts
i need a girl in shrubs so,
come fill up my mug before my fag gets stuffed
when i pull up out front you see me Vauxaull Nova
when i hit the bar it's 10 past before im over
i came to watch the game 'cos im a blackburn rover
and i munch on eminem's while i'm down and smurred over
but homie, nothings changed, cash down, bottoms up and
i got a paper cut from rollin my wrizzler up,
if you watch how i move you'll mistake me for a geeza or gimp,
cos i fell down my stairs and now i walk with a limp
in the crap bits of crawford the say '50 yo hot'
they like me, i wnat them to love me like lesbian hot
if u go to hemle and hamster then the'll tell you i'm crazy
'cos i was so drunk and helped a statue with a baby,
but im fully focused now, tea and coffey on my mind,
got a part-time job at 'daily in crime',
now this girl jus' love my hair, like my car,
her friend is fit but shes as ugly as a ??
chorusx2
my girlfried's mum gave me the cash,
that bought me all my fancy stuff,
my couch, my fridge, my plates, my waist, look mum, im tied down
but i aint changed
and you shuld luv it, well more than you hate it
your like my dad, your fasion sense is outdated
im that bloke by the car when im on or round
your that wierd guy who never leaves or makes a sound
when the beats are pumpin' i get my macario on
my mates drag me through my chair before the end of the song
if the roofs on fire someone dial 999
and if you want to get drunk luv, it isn't a crime
ill tell u what ill tell every girl your fit, nice hair
but if you dont want to brush it, heres another red square
or i can tell my mates in the back with a crawler berg
they'll no where we'll fu**in be yeah!
chorusx2
dont act like you dont no where i've been either, mum
in the pub all the time mun,
it's about to pop off mum,
burn unit
instrumental

_____
Oh yeah, this is Eminem baby, back up in that motherfucking ass
One time for your mother fucking mind, we represent the 313
You know what I'm saying?, cause they don't know shit about this
For the 9-6
[Verse 1:]
Ayo, my pen and paper cause a chain reaction
To get your brain relaxin, cause they be actin maniac in action
A brainiac in fact son, you mainly lack attraction
You look insanely whack when just a fraction of my tracks spun
My rhyming skills got you climbing hills
I travel through your mind into you spine like siren drills
I'm sliming grills of roaches, with sprayed on disinfectants
With some ex rappers till their spinal column disconnects
We disinfect then check the monologue, turn your system up
Twist them up, and indulge in the marijuana smoke
This is the season for noise pollution contamination
Examination of more cartoons than animation
My lamination of narration
Hit's a snare and bass of track fucked up rapper interrogation
When I declare invasion, there ain't no time to be stare and gazing
I turn the stage into a barren wasteland...
I'm Infinite
[Chorus:]
You heard of hell well I was sent from it
I went to it serving a sentence for murderin' instruments
Now I'm trying to repent from it
But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it...
I'm Infinite
[Verse 2:]
Bust it, I let the beat commence so I can beat the sense of your elite defense
I got some meat to mince, a crew to stomp and two feet to rinse
I greet the gents and ladies, I spoil loyal fans
I foil plans and leave fluids leaking like oil bands
My coil hands around this microphone are lethal
One thought in my cerebral is deeper then a Jeep full of people
MC's are feeble, I came to cause some pandemonium
Battle a band of phony MC's and stand the only one
Imitator, Intimidator, Stimulator, Simulator of data, Eliminator
There's never been a greater since the burial of Jesus
Fuck around and catch all of the venereal diseases
My thesis will smash a stereo to pieces
My accapella releases plastic masterpieces through telekinesis
And eases you mentally, gently, sentimentally, instrumentally
With entity, dementedly meant to be Infinite
[Chorus:]
You heard of hell well I was sent from it
I went to it serving a sentence for murderin' instruments
Now I'm trying to repent from it
But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it...
I'm Infinite
[Verse 3:]
Man I got evidence I'm never dense and I been clever ever since
My residence was hesitant to do some shit that represents the M-O
So I'm assuming all responsibility
Cause there's a monster will in me that always wants to kill MC's
Mic messaler, slamming like a wrestler
Here to make a mess of a lyric smuggling embezzler
No one is speacialer, My skill is intergalactical
I get cynical at a fool then I send a crew back to school
I never packed a tool or acted cool, it wasn't practical
I'd rather led a tactful, tractical, track for your fancy
In fact I can't see, or can't imagine
A man who ain't a lover of beats or a fan of scratching
This is for my family, the kid who had a cameo on my last jam
Plus the man who never had a plan B
Be all you can be, cause once you make an instant hit
I'm tensed a bit and tempted when I see the sins my friends commit...
I'm Infinite
[Chorus:]
You heard of hell well I was sent from it
I went to it serving a sentence for murderin' instruments
Now I'm trying to repent from it
But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it...
I'm Infinite
You heard of hell well I was sent from it
I went to it serving a sentence for murderin' instruments
Now I'm trying to repent from it
But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it...
I'm Infinite

_____
"So let's get down to business
I don't got no time to play around, what is this?"
[scratching] What is this? what is this?
[Intro]
The Invasion! (Invasion yeah)
Green Lantern! the infiltration, we comin'! (yeah)
[Bridge: Eminem]
I got 50 Cent, I got G-Unit
D-Tweezy in this bitch, wit Obie Trice!
So watch what you say, 'fore you call our name
Cause you say one more thing and it won't be nice!
[Verse: Eminem]
Whoa, here we go, I shoulda' known
I was bound to get pulled into some bullshit
Sooner or later you little haters
Are too jealous of us to love us
You hate it G-Unit made it and Obie's coming
D-Tweezy's coming you're sick to your stomach
50 percent of it's 50 cent
The other 50 percent of it's who's color of skin it is
But if you even considerin' taking our label down
You better find our building and fly a fucking plane into it
But I ain't trying to get too intricate into it
I'm just trying to you give you a little hint for your own benefit
Cause then it's gonna get to the point
Where it escalates to some other shit
Then I'm a flip, then I'm a get to
"Stomping in my Air Force Ones"
But you won't be able to tell
If it's two pairs or it's one
It's just gonna feel like so many feet kicking you
You'd think Nike just made these into cleats in this shoe
I don't know what it is or what it could be
But I get a woody when these pussies try to push me
Thinking they gonna put me in a position to pickle me
Y'all tickle me pink
I think I'd just rather have Pink tickle me
Hickory dickory dock, tickety tock tickety
A little bit of the diggedy doc diggedy
Mixed with a little bit of the
Jigga-Ja-Jigga
Wit a small pinch of Biggie
Look at me, I'm just the bomb diggedy
[Chorus: Eminem]
We the realest label
Don't try to act like you don't feel our label
Cause we gon' fuck around and kill your label
Obie, D-Tweezy, G-Unit, 50,
We the label fa' sho!
We the realest label
Don't try to act like you don't feel our label
Cause we gon' fuck around and steal your paper
Obie, D-Tweezy, G-Unit, 50,
We gon' kill your fuckin' label fa' sho!
[Eminem]
Shady in the place to be see
And I got what it takes to +Roc The Mic+ right!
Still watch what you say to me punk
Cause I'm off probation in less than six months [gun cocked]
[Outro]
Haha, Shady Records
Still Aftermath, and don't think we don't
Hear you motherfuckers talkin'!
Cause we do and we see y'all
We just gon' sit back for a minute
While I see what the FUCK y'all do

_____
Eye-Kyu: Check it out,
Eminem: Hey Kyu!
Eye-Kyu:
Chorus: It's a broke day but everything is ok  (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is alright  (It's alright)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep  (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here  (Belong here)
It's a broke day but everything is ok  (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is alright  (It's alright)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep  (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here  (Belong here)
Verse 1: Eminem
One day I plan to be a family man happily married
I wanna grow to be so old that I have to be carried
Till I'm glad to be buried
And leave this crazy world
And have at least a half a million for my baby girl
It may be early to be planning this stuff
Cause I'm still struggling hard to be the man, and it's tough
Cause man it's been rough, but still I manage enough
I've been taken advantage of, damaged and scuffed
My hands have been cuffed
But I don't panic and huff, frantic and puff
Or plan to give up, the minute shit hits the fan it erupts
I'm anteing up double or nothing, I've been trouble enough
And I'm sick of struggling and suffering, see
My destiny's to rest at ease, till I'm impressed and pleased
With my progress, I won't settle for less than cheese
I'm on a quest to seize all, my own label to call
Way before my baby is able to crawl
I'm too stable to fall, the pressure motivates
To know I hold the weight of boulders on my shoulder blades
I seen the golden gates to heaven on Earth
Where they don't pull a weapon on you when you stepping on turf, Q
Eye-Kyu:
Chorus: It's a broke day but everything is ok  (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is alright  (It's alright)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep  (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here  (Belong here)
It's a broke day but everything is ok  (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is alright  (It's alright)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep  (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here  (Belong here)
Verse 2: Eminem
I'm going for broke, gambling and playing for keeps
Everyday in the streets, scrambling and paying for cheep
Praying for sleep
Dreaming with a watering mouth
Wishing for a better life for my daughter and spouse
In this slaughtering house, caught up in bouts
With the root of all evil
I've seen it turn beautiful people crude and deceitful
And make them do shit illegal
For these Grant's and Jackson's
These transactions explain a man's actions
But in the mist of this insanity, I found my Christianity
Through God and there's a wish he granted me
He showed me how to cope with the stress
And hope for the best, instead of mope and depressed
Always groping a mess, of flying over the nest
To selling dope with the rest
I quit smoking cess to open my chest
Life is stressful inside this cesspool
Trying to wrestle, I almost bust a blood vessel
My little brother's trying to learn his mathematics
He's asthmatic, running home from school away from crack addicts
Kids attract static, children with automatics
Taking target practice on teens for Starter Jackets
I'm using smarter tactics to overcome this slum
I won't become as dumb as some and succumb to scum
It's cumbersome, I'm trying to do well on this Earth
But it's been Hell on this Earth since I fell on this Earth
Eye-Kyu:
Chorus: It's a broke day but everything is ok  (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is alright  (It's alright)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep  (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here  (Belong here)
It's a broke day but everything is ok  (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is alright  (It's alright)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep  (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here  (Belong here)
Uh, it's ok, yeah it's alright, even though I can't sleep
Uh yeah, it's ok, it's alright, I can't sleep

_____
[Eye-Kyu:] Check it out,
[Eminem:] Hey Kyu!
[Eye-Kyu:]
[Chorus:]
It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here)
It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here)
[Verse 1: Eminem]
One day I plan to be a family man happily married
I wanna grow to be so old that I have to be carried
Till I'm glad to be buried
And leave this crazy world
And have at least a half a million for my baby girl
It may be early to be planning this stuff
Cause I'm still struggling hard to be the man, and it's tough
Cause man it's been rough, but still I manage enough
I've been taken advantage of, damaged and scuffed
My hands have been cuffed
But I don't panic and huff, frantic and puff
Or plan to give up, the minute shit hits the fan it erupts
I'm anteing up double or nothing, I've been trouble enough
And I'm sick of struggling and suffering, see
My destiny's to rest at ease, till I'm impressed and pleased
With my progress, I won't settle for less than cheese
I'm on a quest to seize all, my own label to call
Way before my baby is able to crawl
I'm too stable to fall, the pressure motivates
To know I hold the weight of boulders on my shoulder blades
I seen the golden gates to heaven on Earth
Where they don't pull a weapon on you when you stepping on turf, Q
[Eye-Kyu:]
[Chorus:]
It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here)
It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here)
[Verse 2: Eminem]
I'm going for broke, gambling and playing for keeps
Everyday in the streets, scrambling and paying for cheep
Praying for sleep
Dreaming with a watering mouth
Wishing for a better life for my daughter and spouse
In this slaughtering house, caught up in bouts
With the root of all evil
I've seen it turn beautiful people crude and deceitful
And make them do shit illegal
For these Grant's and Jackson's
These transactions explain a man's actions
But in the mist of this insanity, I found my Christianity
Through God and there's a wish he granted me
He showed me how to cope with the stress
And hope for the best, instead of mope and depressed
Always groping a mess, of flying over the nest
To selling dope with the rest
I quit smoking cess to open my chest
Life is stressful inside this cesspool
Trying to wrestle, I almost bust a blood vessel
My little brother's trying to learn his mathematics
He's asthmatic, running home from school away from crack addicts
Kids attract static, children with automatics
Taking target practice on teens for Starter Jackets
I'm using smarter tactics to overcome this slum
I won't become as dumb as some and succumb to scum
It's cumbersome, I'm trying to do well on this Earth
But it's been Hell on this Earth since I fell on this Earth
[Eye-Kyu:]
[Chorus:]
It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here)
It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here)
Uh, it's ok, yeah it's alright, even though I can't sleep
Uh yeah, it's ok, it's alright, I can't sleep

_____
This beat is my recital
I think it's very vital
To rock a rhyme
That's right on time
It's tricky tricky yo here we go
It's tricky to rock a rhyme
To rock a rhyme that's right on time
It's tricky tricky tricky tricky tricky tricky
It's tricky to rock a rhyme
To rock a rhyme that's right on time
It's tricky tricky tricky tricky tricky tricky
I met this little girlie, her hair was kind of curly
Went to her house to bust her out, I had to leave real early
These girls are really sleazy, all they just say is please me
Or spend some time and rock a rhyme, I said it's not that easy
It's tricky to rock a rhyme
To rock a rhyme that's right on time
It's tricky tricky tricky tricky tricky tricky
It's tricky to rock a rhyme
To rock a rhyme that's right on time
It's tricky tricky tricky tricky tricky tricky
In New York the people talk and try to make us rhyme
They really hawk, but we just walk, because we have no time
And in the city it's a pity, 'cause we just can't hide
Tinted windows don't mean nothing, they know who's inside
It's tricky to rock a rhyme
To rock a rhyme that's right on time
It's tricky tricky tricky tricky tricky tricky
It's tricky to rock a rhyme
To rock a rhyme that's right on time
It's tricky tricky tricky tricky tricky tricky
When I wake up people take up mostly all of my time
I'm not singing, phone keep ringing so I make up a rhyme
I'm not bragging, people nagging, 'cause they think I'm a star
Always tearing what I'm wearing, I think they're going too far
A girl named Carol follows Darryl every gig we play
Then he dissed her and dismissed her, now she's jocking Jay
I ain't lying, girls be crying, 'cause we're on TV
They even bother my poor father, 'cause he's down with me
It's tricky to rock a rhyme
To rock a rhyme that's right on time
It's tricky tricky tricky tricky tricky tricky
It's tricky to rock a rhyme
To rock a rhyme that's right on time
It's tricky tricky tricky tricky tricky tricky
We are not dumb, we don't use drugs, but you assume on your own
They offer coke and lots of dope, but we just leave it alone
It's like that y'all, but we don't quit
You keep on, rock shot, 'cause this is it

_____
Its its its its its... murda!!!!
wait stop the questions please
i've been on my knees
beggin these disease
to stop from killin these
messed up cronic crease
of the diseased
CHORUS
uh oh
letz go slow
on the radio low
down south where they know
how its gonna be
i said its murda (murda!)
to me
i dont need no ****in c
(reapeat chorus)
reapeat the laws
dynamite flaws
all over yaws
dis ting aint no joke
just go slow
to the hip hop show
uh oh uh oh
Chorus 2x
datz it for me
but wait till ya see
whats next for the
slim shady

_____
she wore an itsy bitsy teenie weenie
yellow polka dot bikini
Eminem: i wish that was me
she wore an itsy bitsy teenie weenie
yellow polka dot bikini
Eminem: i really wish that was me
becausse i am so seksy
i want to be a big baby
oops i already am me
christina agulara i wont shut up
the slim shady has to speak up
so we wont shut the heck up
i want to kick the ball up
because i know christina
i know you
wore an itsy bitsy teenie weenie
yellow polka dot bikini
Eminem:but i wish that bikini was mine
that was not a song people
i made it up
its good huh?

_____
J-rump makes me sick  I know I feel you  thats
why we need to stick togeather
yep,yep, yep
I know
U once gave me this song and i took it the wrong way
man i was stupid
J-rump You make me sick
I want you and I'm hating it
Got me lit like a candlestick
Get too hot when you touch the tip I'm feeling it I gotta get a grip
And its, driving me crazy baby dont you quit
Cant get enough of it
You got me goin again
Baby, you got me goin again
You make me sick
she was doin 80  on the freeway
In the 6 double 0 bumpin Isley
she was gettin kinda close kinda touch-ay
Guess, she had a little too much Hennessey
she told me that he wanna go home
put me up on the hill to my condo
Told me she would keep it all on the low-low
But I told her "Botchy, I don't really know though"
she got close up to me... she started gettin deep
she had me in a zone when she started to show me things
I never saw before
Baby was cool but I knew it was game
a helluva cool but you women are the same
The way she licked her lips and touched my hips
I knew that she was slick
chorus
So hot n the 6 now, so hot
Had to roll all the windows down
Isley and I'm thinkin bout the sheets now
Wonderin should I really take it there now
she told me she would make it worth it
thinkin, how many times have I heard this
Kinda funny, but I wasn't even nervous
All her slick ass lines were kinda workin
I felt my knees get weak...her body was callin me
Just couldn't take the heat
Anyway it was 2 or 3, I gotta get out to the streets
Baby was cool but I knew it was game
she was to smooth be screamin my name
Even though we made the best of it
I still told her this....
chorus X2
Can't... no no no no no no
Oh, you make me sick
I want you and I'm hatin it... hatin it... hatin it
I still want u and im hatin it
how stupid i was 2 let u go
ds4jr4eva

_____
Men singing:
Jealous! (8X)
[Girls voice: (Talking over the singing)]
Jealous!?! What he mean jealous, know what I'm saying?
He just mad cause he got with some ugly hoes, know what I'm saying?
Girls don't buy him no clothes, He bought that ho some clothes!!
He don't buy me no clothes, Nigga ain't got no money, no vibe, no dick
I mean, What do I got to be jealous for?
He ain't gonna make it no where, he ain't got no type of time
He has no career move, I mean...
[Verse 1:]
I come home every single day from working double shifts
And stop along the way to pick you up a couple gifts
I come inside and you pretend you miss me when you kiss me
Then you diss me and we strenuously fight continuously
Again you frisk me, for numbers trying to bust me
It must be only just because you never learned to trust me
Plus we only grovel only irrelevant issues
To many tissues, for my feelings you misuse
I buy you jewelry, you make a fool of me
I bring you diamond rings you say I'm bad at timing things
So what's a man to do when all i hand to you is handed back to me
You act to be this gangsta bitch, that ain't what first attracted me
I used to love your company now you always bugging me
For information and you tell your friends you plan on dumping me
So I'ma wait for your evacuation
Cause every accusation makes me wanna smack your face in
See I've never been so sure, and your just insecure
So my solution to your jealousy presents a cure
I recommend you take your things and check them in
Look at the nervous wreck I'm in, I need my second wind, Say What?
[Chorus: Men Singing]
Jealous, Jealousy, Jealousy (8X)
[Women's Voice: (Talking over singing)]
Fuck you and what you going through
Fuck Eminem, he just mad cause I left that nigga for another man
Me and Eminem don't need nothing but my and his money
Immature, Me? Nigga ain't got no dick, no swang in his thang
Know what I'm saying? He just mad cause I'm getting it all night
Jealous of me, know what I'm saying? That's what I'm talking about
Mother fucker just trying to get his pussy
[Verse 2:]
I used to be a puppet and a sucker for your silent treatments
I used to be intoxicated with your sweet sense
Until the day I started following your feetprints
And tapping in your phone conversations through the heat vents
It made complete sense, there's someone else you like
So I confronted you and asked you who was Mike?
And you was like, (sampled) **I need a new nigga**
Someone rich that I could follow
And you'll be over me by the time you see tomorrow
Leaving me in sorrow, Brandy never felt so broken hearted
I fell apart when you departed then the joking started
I was an open target, you play comedian
And I became the laughing stock. but now I'm on my feet again
And so we meet again, your acting like an ex-wife
All in my sex life, I got a message from Phife
He goes, "You didn't want me to see you then, I don't want you now"
Take a towel, wipe your brow, quit trying to hunt me down
You run me down and now your trying to apologize
For all the lies and everytime you made me ball my eyes
Because I got a bigger wallet size, you wanna swing it
Jealousy is in the house ya'll, Fellas sing it...
[Chorus: Men Singing]
Jealous, Jealousy, Jealousy (12X)

_____
if you had one shot one opportunity
to fight for your country will you fight
or will you go down with no honor
oh his palms are sweaty
guns slippen all ready
there nervous but on the surface
they look calm and ready to drop bombs
While looken at the flag
the whole land goes so loud
everybody openthere ears right now to go check it out but
clocks run out times up over blow
snap back to reality op there goes everybody
they now there whole life is on the line
but it dont matter
the front line goes to the ground
they now there going so down
everybody is screaming now
so the better go capture this moment
and go kill every man they got

_____
(eminem)Yo Yo
Jingle bells jingle bells.
Jingling all the way
Oh what it is to ride from Detroit to east LA
(Eminem)
Is this a white Christmas hell no my man
Imp leaving blood in the snow and smacking
Fat man. You mean Santa that boys a bitch
He cot my mom Christmas Eve and tried to give her a kiss.
For real it's no joke the guy don't play he tried to fuck way more
Then a one horse slay laughing all the way but he's not laughing today
Well jingle mothering even the elves will pay.
Come Christmas Eve oh nick's a goner will be
Snackin on dear even blestin and downer
Not a question went not even a maybe
Have a drunk Mrs. Clues
Say they jingling baby
Give a new meaning to hoho shack that ass girl bumpin
Booty in the snow. So watch out Santa You jolly old troll we'll be
Stripin that slay and leave you the coal
Jingle bells jingle bells.
Jingling all the way
Oh what it is to ride in a drop top shavola  "hey"
Jingle bells jingle bells.
Jingling all the way
Oh what it is to ride from Detroit to east LA
(Eminem)
You playin reindeer games hell yeah my friend
Grab Rudolph's horns and see how far the bend
When he's nose turns red he's dick gets back out
My friend. Yeah sants clues wouldn't list me as nice
In fact he add me listed as nottie twice
Not cuz of the fights or the Christmas gifts hast
It's cuz of all the shit I left on he's wife
It's time for Old Nick to move very far before we roast he's
nuts on a big ass fire
Yes im that bad yes im that cruel
I mean your ass is huge loss
Weight for real dude. Cookies in mouth simply
Quit sick. I mean when's the last time u seen
Your dick. And im not one to bitch but every year
I get under wear, socks and shit
Jingle bells jingle bells.
Jingling all the way
(Eminem)"Check it out"
Oh what it is to ride in a drop top  shavola "Hey"
(eminem)"Jingle thess bells baby"
Jingle bells jingle bells.
Jingling all the way
Oh what it is to ride from Detroit to east LA

_____
My dad chased monsters from the dark
He checked underneath my bed
He could lift me with one arm
Way up over top of his head
He could loosen rusty bolts
With a quick turn of his wrench
He pulled splinters from his hand
And never even flinched
In thirteen years I'd never seen him cry
But the day that grandpa died, I realized
Unsinkable ships sink
Unbreakable walls break
Sometimes the things you think would never happen
Happen just like that
Unbendable steel bends
If the fury of the wind is unstoppable
I've learned to never underestimate
The impossible
Then there was my junior year
Billy had a brand new car
It was late, the road was wet
I guess the curve was just too sharp
I walked away without a scratch
They brought the helicopter in
Billy couldn't feel his legs
Said he'd never walk again
But Billy said he would and his mom and daddy prayed
And the day we graduated, he stood up to say:
Unsinkable ships sink
Unbreakable walls break
Sometimes the things you think would never happen
Happen just like that
Unbendable steel bends
If the fury of the wind is unstoppable
I've learned to never underestimate
The impossible
So don't tell me that it's over
Don't give up on you and me
Cuz there's no such thing as hopeless
If you believe:
Unsinkable ships sink
Unbreakable walls break
Sometimes the things you think would never happen
Happen just like that
Unbendable steel bends
If the fury of the wind is unstoppable
I've learned to never underestimate
The impossible

_____
Sexy everything about you's so sexy,
You dont even know what you got.
you're really hitting my spot, oh yeh yeh
And you're so innocent,
please dont take this wrong coz its a compliment,
i just wanna get wiv ur flow oh
u gota learn to let go, oh baby won't u,
Chorus
work, just a little get hot,
just a little bit neat,
in the middle let go,
just a little bit more,
(just a little bit)
gimme just a little bit more,
Let me,
i'd do any thing if you just let me,
Find a way you make you respond,
i kno you wanna break down those walls (yeh yeh)
and its so challenging,
getting close to you is what i'm imagining,
i just wanna see you get down,
you gotta let it all out (oh baby wont you)
chorus
x 2
its so exiting the way your inviting me,
(i love it wen u do it like that ooohhh aaahhh)
cant get enough wont you satisfy my needs yeh
chorus
just a little bit more
chorus x 2
sexy everthing about you so sexy
you dont even know woooohh

_____
Intro: Frogg
Whoah!
A get your hands in the air, and get to clappin 'em
and like, back and forth because ah
this is.. what you thought it wasn't
It beez.. the brothers representin' the Dirty Dozen
I be the F-R-O the double G *coughing in background*
And check out the man he goes by the name of er...
Verse One: Eminem
Slim Shady, brain dead like Jim Brady
I'm a M80, you Lil' like that Kim lady
I'm buzzin, Dirty Dozen, naughty rotten rhymer
Cursin at you players worse than Marty Schottenheimer
You wacker than the motherfucker you bit your style from
You ain't gonna sell two copies if you press a double album
Admit it, fuck it, while we comin out in the open
I'm doin acid, crack, smack, coke and smokin dope then
My name is Marshall Mathers, I'm an alcoholic (Hi Marshall)
I have a disease and they don't know what to call it
Better hide your wallet cause I'm comin up quick to strip your cash
Bought a ticket to your concert just to come and whip your ass
Bitch, I'm comin out swingin, so fast it'll make your eyes spin
You gettin knocked the fuck out like Mike Tyson
The +Proof+ is in the puddin, just ask the Deshaun Holton
I'll slit your motherfuckin throat worse than Ron Goldman
Chorus:
So when you see me on your block with two glocks
Screamin _Fuck the World_ like Tupac
I just don't give a fuuuuuck!!
Talkin that shit behind my back, dirty mackin
tellin your boys that I'm on crack
I just don't give a fuuuuuck!!
So put my tape back on the rack
Go run and tell your friends my shit is wack
I just don't give a fuuuuuck!!
But see me on the street and duck
Cause you gon' get stuck, stoned, and snuffed
Cause I just don't give a fuuuuuck!!
Verse Two: Eminem
I'm Nicer than Pete, but I'm on a Serch to crush a Miilkbone
I'm Everlast-ing, I melt Vanilla Ice like silicone
I'm ill enough to just straight up diss you for no reason
I'm colder than snow season when it's twenty below freezin
Flavor with no seasonin, this is the sneak preview
I'll diss your magazine and still won't get a weak review
I'll make your freak leave you, smell the Folgers crystals
This is a lyrical combat, gentlemen hold your pistols
But I form like Voltron and blast you with my shoulder missiles
Slim Shady, Eminem was the old initials (Bye-bye!)
Extortion, snortin, supportin abortion
Pathological liar, blowin shit out of proportion
The looniest, zaniest, spontaneous, sporadic
Impulsive thinker, compulsive drinker, addict
Half animal, half man
Dumpin your dead body inside of a fuckin trash can
With more holes than an Afghan
Chorus
Verse Three: Eminem
Somebody let me out this limousine (hey, let me out!)
I'm a caged demon, on stage screamin like Rage Against the Machine
I'm convinced I'm a fiend, shootin up while this record is spinnin
Clinically brain dead, I don't need a second opinion
Fuck droppin the jewel, I'm flippin the sacred treasure
I'll bite your motherfuckin style, just to make it fresher
I can't take the pressure, I'm sick of bitches
Sick of naggin bosses bitchin while I'm washin dishes
In school I never said much, too busy havin a headrush
Doin too much rush had my face flushed like red blush
Then I went to Jim Beam, that's when my face grayed
Went to gym in eighth grade, raped the women's swim team
Don't take me for a joke I'm no comedian
Too many mental problems got me snortin coke and smokin weed again
I'm goin up over the curb, drivin on the median
Finally made it home, but I don't got the key to get in
Chorus
Outro: Eminem
Hey, fuck that!
Outsidaz..
Pace One..
Young Zee..

_____
This song lyrics are not displayed due to the claim of copyright holder
_____
[Eminem]
Are we supposed to shut up or talk...I'll cut your butt up and walk...
Around with my ass showing all over the fuckin town
[Proof]
....Then You get done up in chalk
Yo....
[Eminem]
We ready...we ready .. we ready.. we ready ?
Ready to hold it steady....Speakin of hold it steady....
You can hold my nuts steady and then....
I can stick my dick in you like a machette...If you're a girl...
If you're a girl then you're my world...And I will kill anybody...
That means... you, her or him
It doesnt matter cuz I'm Eminem
And I'm Slim...I'm also slim and your future's Whim
[Proof]
Ha ha....don't stop
D-12 y'all...yea we bust it off the top
We get in that ass Preparation-H style
Knock more boots than that group H-Town (Booo!)
Everybody tryina tell us to wait now
You look dumb as fuck...Like Puffy in his video on that breakdown  (hahaha)
Tryin to dance around
How the fuck it feel lock in hand set now
Sever your style .. Divide and Parish
Part ish...when my cart is bustin thru this...
Wassup to Bizzare Kid
Targets get hit and liftoff
Here it is we bout to rip off
Lick shots...no time...we gettin dick snot
Emzy...
[Eminem]
Speakin of lift off....
I'm blastin off...your ass is soft...so I'm startin to jack off
Cuz I'm so horny...and your lyrics are so corny
That they bore me and I woke up too late this morning
Or too early...wait a minute there goes Shirley...
The girly I fucked last year when her hair was curly
Couldnt remember it cuz I was Infinite
And I met ken Kaniff in Connecticut
He said his predicits and pronouns and wanted to throw down
And he said I like youa?..and then he walked up and said a?let me snake bite
youa?
And I said hell no...kicked him with my shell toe...
Gave him a elbow...Ayo Proof ...go....
[Proof]
Yo it's the D to the 1 - 2
What you wanna get done to...
Your chest plate...eradicate
Get your flesh ate...easily done..Here it is...
Freestyle...no need to write shit...cuz when we write shit
Y'all like to bite shit...that why street light up when we write stuff
It's time to be the champions at this...it's D-12
1-2 True crew...Slim Shady and Big proof
Knockin over Igloos in Alaska when we blast ya
A massacre creator, one time for data
Darker than Vader...go anybody hot as the equator
It's time to get down one time for those that dont know us
Girls wanna blow us like Monica....Lewinsky
Come against me...
[Eminem]
Go and see I'm an invincible Mc
If you dont believe it then you wanna try to convince me
That you're doper than me...which we'll hope
You would hope to be....but hopefully I will rock globaly
And nationwide...thats why my ass is wide
Thats why your ass just died on the passanger side...
Like a fuckin ride...when it got shot up by a drive by
When I drove by 5 times and gave it five tries
And still missed it
I got a fuckin mental illness a gentle stillness...
Violence...complete silence is what I need in the room while I freestyle
What I need is to do...what is need is smoke weed and brew
And......smoke brew ? You don't smoke brew...
If you do I'll choke you and then I garauntee I'll out smoke you
You're crew's a joke too and i can stick my dick in a bitch and poke you....
[Proof]
Stick it in there....rock with my cock on sky rock
Knock ya eye out the sock...(sock)
Get..(get) yeah we come to rock....(it)
So don't get in the way cuz we gon drop....(shit)
Now how you feel right now we bust yo..op....(tic)....(tock)
We lunatics with mics and we dont stop we come to rock
The dirty dozen is non-stop..
To the top from tree tops to ewoks that pop Reeboks
And men with pre-ops
Yo now there is 3-Pac's
Master P....Thug Life and now it's 2pac
Get back to that one...here goes the rhyme that you dropped...
[Eminem]
The rhyme that I dropped is stickin up IHOP
In high tops and walking around like a one eyed Cyclops
And you can't see me....I only got one eye and I can still see you
You can even give it a dumb try...If you're a dumb guy then come try this
But I rock the microphone with my flyness
So get off my jock..get of my cock..when I sky rock ...it in sky
rock..shit...bitch
[Proof]
Ayo...a lot of people always try to tell us...that we gona be better or
failrues
But me or slim yo you cant tell me...
You try to freestyle son we gon put these verses on your Lp
Slow down with that old stuff....I heard the most of y'all is Mos Def
[Eminem]
My Lp...my whole Lp...tha last one was screaming help me
You couldnt melt me if you was Vanilla Ice...Yo guess what....
My Nuuuuuuuuutz
Here I go with the lyrical miracle...spiritual spirital...you dont wanna hear
it tho
I rickety rock the micrphone
Don't do it dont do it cuz that shit is stupid...I knew it
I take a beat and loop it...i take a beat and troop it
What the fuck did that mean...I dont know but i got phat jeans on
And I already said that but I dont know where my head's at
All I wanna do is go back to the hotel and know where my bed's at
[Proof]
yo wheres the beds at so we can relax and catch Ease
Y'all dont want none of tha dirty Deez
>From the 3-1 its for the three of thirds
One third Mc yo we smoke y'all like herbs
Under the curb early morn take it to born
Y'all get broke up...put back together ...re-enacment
Some times you see this...you just a faggot
No need to tag it...wit more loot that Jimmy Swagart
[Eminem]
Faggot....uh oh...was that homophobic...
But no one knows it...and I'm so homophobic
I wont even throw clothes in the Closet
Fuck it...I've lost it....I'm holocausted...see my face it's written all
acrossed it
This beer makes me wanna disappear this year
I'm so high I'm bout to die...and I'm so tired I'm bout to fry
You're so fired you're down
[Proof]
Hey....it's me...it's the hamster man...
Coming all the way from Amsterdam....
And I come to tell you all a little secret.....
So you can ........eat it ....you got to grab your crackers
{mumbling}
[Eminem]
Quit spittin your writ shit bitch I'll kill you and kick you
In your motherfuckin dick and your clit...you little pussy
Hermaphardite with no apettite
And you aint rappin right but you was taking rapid bites
Of my dick when you was on it...my brain is haunted
I walk up in a place in a t shirt wit my stains on it
But i dont give a damn...give a fuck...give a shit...give a hell
give a piss give a dick give a lick
[Proof]
Yea....live and direct it's us
You better back up...
[Eminem]
You better back up before I jack off
Back off before I jack off
[Proof]
You better back off before he jack off (laughing)
You better back off before I jack off
[Eminem]
Colder than Jack Frost...smack you across your face
While I'm still jackin off
Sittin in the closet beatin my shit
Aint got nuttin else to do cuz I'm thinkin of a bitch
Wait a minute ...oh shit she's here...
Look who walked in the door....come in it's Britney Spears
(Ken Kaniff)
Oh....come here little girl
come here little girl
[Eminem]
What happened? (I dunno)
We stopped rappin (Oh it's Clappin)
Gun clappin...and all I need is one napkin to wipe the cum off
When I come off with the drum off
Whatever the hell that meant...but I can still speak wit a accent
A french accent Excuse my french but
Suck my dick touche le le poo...uhh....bitch
[Proof]
Bonjuor...I'm here with the cure...Oh yea lets rock it for the drawer
Hey Em...how you doin this is me...The Em jock...get off my...
Damn cock .....laughing....
[Eminem]
Yo while you're spraying verbs...you aint even fuckin saying words
(THuuuG) Pronounce your words right...and you can ride around curbs
And bounce your hebrs tight
What the fuck ?
Yo put another beat on before you get peed on
Hi...Hi.... My name is ...my name is...my name is...
Slim Shady...Slim Shady...Bitch you're little just like that Kim lady
And I'm in sky rock radio...the shadiest bro on the radio
But you dont hear me tho.....

_____
[Eminem]
Are we supposed to shut up or talk...I'll cut your butt up and walk...
Around with my ass showing all over the fuckin town
[Proof]
....Then You get done up in chalk
Yo....
[Eminem]
We ready...we ready .. we ready.. we ready ?
Ready to hold it steady....Speakin of hold it steady....
You can hold my nuts steady and then....
I can stick my dick in you like a machette...If you're a girl...
If you're a girl then you're my world...And I will kill anybody...
That means... you, her or him
It doesnt matter cuz I'm Eminem
And I'm Slim...I'm also slim and your future's Whim
[Proof]
Ha ha....don't stop
D-12 y'all...yea we bust it off the top
We get in that ass Preparation-H style
Knock more boots than that group H-Town (Booo!)
Everybody tryina tell us to wait now
You look dumb as fuck...Like Puffy in his video on that breakdown (hahaha)
Tryin to dance around
How the fuck it feel lock in hand set now
Sever your style .. Divide and Parish
Part ish...when my cart is bustin thru this...
Wassup to Bizzare Kid
Targets get hit and liftoff
Here it is we bout to rip off
Lick shots...no time...we gettin dick snot
Emzy...
[Eminem]
Speakin of lift off....
I'm blastin off...your ass is soft...so I'm startin to jack off
Cuz I'm so horny...and your lyrics are so corny
That they bore me and I woke up too late this morning
Or too early...wait a minute there goes Shirley...
The girly I fucked last year when her hair was curly
Couldnt remember it cuz I was Infinite
And I met ken Kaniff in Connecticut
He said his predicits and pronouns and wanted to throw down
And he said ???I like you???...and then he walked up and said ??? let me snake bite
you???
And I said hell no...kicked him with my shell toe...
Gave him a elbow...Ayo Proof ...go....
[Proof]
Yo it's the D to the 1 - 2
What you wanna get done to...
Your chest plate...eradicate
Get your flesh ate...easily done..Here it is...
Freestyle...no need to write shit...cuz when we write shit
Y'all like to bite shit...that why street light up when we write stuff
It's time to be the champions at this...it's D-12
1-2 True crew...Slim Shady and Big proof
Knockin over Igloos in Alaska when we blast ya
A massacre creator, one time for data
Darker than Vader...go anybody hot as the equator
It's time to get down one time for those that dont know us
Girls wanna blow us like Monica....Lewinsky
Come against me...
[Eminem]
Go and see I'm an invincible Mc
If you dont believe it then you wanna try to convince me
That you're doper than me...which we'll hope
You would hope to be....but hopefully I will rock globaly
And nationwide...thats why my ass is wide
Thats why your ass just died on the passanger side...
Like a fuckin ride...when it got shot up by a drive by
When I drove by 5 times and gave it five tries
And still missed it
I got a fuckin mental illness a gentle stillness...
Violence...complete silence is what I need in the room while I freestyle
What I need is to do...what is need is smoke weed and brew
And......smoke brew ? You don't smoke brew...
If you do I'll choke you and then I garauntee I'll out smoke you
You're crew's a joke too and i can stick my dick in a bitch and poke you....
[Proof]
Stick it in there....rock with my cock on sky rock
Knock ya eye out the sock...(sock)
Get..(get) yeah we come to rock....(it)
So don't get in the way cuz we gon drop....(shit)
Now how you feel right now we bust yo..op....(tic)....(tock)
We lunatics with mics and we dont stop we come to rock
The dirty dozen is non-stop..
To the top from tree tops to ewoks that pop Reeboks
And men with pre-ops
Yo now there is 3-Pac's
Master P....Thug Life and now it's 2pac
Get back to that one...here goes the rhyme that you dropped...
[Eminem]
The rhyme that I dropped is stickin up IHOP
In high tops and walking around like a one eyed Cyclops
And you can't see me....I only got one eye and I can still see you
You can even give it a dumb try...If you're a dumb guy then come try this
But I rock the microphone with my flyness
So get off my jock..get of my cock..when I sky rock ...it in sky
rock..shit...bitch
[Proof]
Ayo...a lot of people always try to tell us...that we gona be better or
failrues
But me or slim yo you cant tell me...
You try to freestyle son we gon put these verses on your Lp
Slow down with that old stuff....I heard the most of y'all is Mos Def
[Eminem]
My Lp...my whole Lp...tha last one was screaming help me
You couldnt melt me if you was Vanilla Ice...Yo guess what....
My Nuuuuuuuuutz
Here I go with the lyrical miracle...spiritual spirital...you dont wanna hear
it tho
I rickety rock the micrphone
Don't do it dont do it cuz that shit is stupid...I knew it
I take a beat and loop it...i take a beat and troop it
What the fuck did that mean...I dont know but i got phat jeans on
And I already said that but I dont know where my head's at
All I wanna do is go back to the hotel and know where my bed's at
[Proof]
yo wheres the beds at so we can relax and catch Ease
Y'all dont want none of tha dirty Deez
>From the 3-1 its for the three of thirds
One third Mc yo we smoke y'all like herbs
Under the curb early morn take it to born
Y'all get broke up...put back together ...re-enacment
Some times you see this...you just a faggot
No need to tag it...wit more loot that Jimmy Swagart
[Eminem]
Faggot....uh oh...was that homophobic...
But no one knows it...and I'm so homophobic
I wont even throw clothes in the Closet
Fuck it...I've lost it....I'm holocausted...see my face it's written all
acrossed it
This beer makes me wanna disappear this year
I'm so high I'm bout to die...and I'm so tired I'm bout to fry
You're so fired you're down
[Proof]
Hey....it's me...it's the hamster man...
Coming all the way from Amsterdam....
And I come to tell you all a little secret.....
So you can ........eat it ....you got to grab your crackers
{mumbling}
[Eminem]
Quit spittin your writ shit bitch I'll kill you and kick you
In your motherfuckin dick and your clit...you little pussy
Hermaphardite with no apettite
And you aint rappin right but you was taking rapid bites
Of my dick when you was on it...my brain is haunted
I walk up in a place in a t shirt wit my stains on it
But i dont give a damn...give a fuck...give a shit...give a hell
give a piss give a dick give a lick
[Proof]
Yea....live and direct it's us
You better back up...
[Eminem]
You better back up before I jack off
Back off before I jack off
[Proof]
You better back off before he jack off (laughing)
You better back off before I jack off
[Eminem]
Colder than Jack Frost...smack you across your face
While I'm still jackin off
Sittin in the closet beatin my shit
Aint got nuttin else to do cuz I'm thinkin of a bitch
Wait a minute ...oh shit she's here...
Look who walked in the door....come in it's Britney Spears
(Ken Kaniff)
Oh....come here little girl
come here little girl
[Eminem]
What happened? (I dunno)
We stopped rappin (Oh it's Clappin)
Gun clappin...and all I need is one napkin to wipe the cum off
When I come off with the drum off
Whatever the hell that meant...but I can still speak wit a accent
A french accent Excuse my french but
Suck my dick touche le le poo...uhh....bitch
[Proof]
Bonjuor...I'm here with the cure...Oh yea lets rock it for the drawer
Hey Em...how you doin this is me...The Em jock...get off my...
Damn cock .....laughing....

_____
Just the two of us.. (8X)
[Eminem]
Baby your da-da loves you (hey)
And I'ma always be here for you (hey) no matter what happens
You're all I got in this world
I would never give you up for nothin
Nobody in this world is ever gonna keep you from me
I love you
C'mon Hai-Hai, we goin to the beach
Grab a couple of toys and let da-da strap you in the car seat
Oh where's mama?  She's takin a little nap in the trunk
Oh that smell (whew!) da-da musta runned over a skunk
Now I know what you're thinkin - it's kind of late to go swimmin
But you know your mama, she's one of those type of women
that do crazy things, and if she don't get her way, she'll throw a fit
Don't play with da-da's toy knife, honey, let go of it (no!)
And don't look so upset, why you actin bashful?
Don't you wanna help da-da build a sand castle? (yeah!)
And mama said she wants to show how far she can float
And don't worry about that little boo-boo on her throat
It's just a little scratch - it don't hurt, her was eatin
dinner while you were sweepin and spilled ketchup on her shirt
Mama's messy isn't she?  We'll let her wash off in the water
and me and you can pway by ourselves, can't we?
Just the two of us.. (2X)
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. (2X)
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. (2X)
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. (2X)
Just you and I!
See honey.. there's a place called heaven and a place called hell
A place called prison and a place called jail
And da-da's probably on his way to all of em except one
Cause mama's got a new husband and a stepson
And you don't want a brother do ya?  (Nah)
Maybe when you're old enough to understand a little better
I'll explain it to ya
But for now we'll just say mama was real real bad
She was bein mean to dad and made him real real mad
But I still feel sad that I put her on time-out
Sit back in your chair honey, quit tryin to climb out (WAHH!)
I told you it's okay HaiHai, wanna ba-ba?
Take a night-night?  Nan-a-boo, goo-goo ga-ga?
Her make goo-goo ca-ca?  Da-da change your dia-dee
Clean the baby up so her can take a nighty-nighty
Your dad'll wake her up as soon as we get to the water
Ninety-seven Bonnie and Clyde, me and my daughter
Just the two of us.. (2X)
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. (2X)
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. (2X)
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. (2X)
Just you and I!
Wake up sweepy head we're here, before we pway
we're gonna take mama for a wittle walk along the pier
Baby, don't cry honey, don't get the wrong idea
Mama's too sweepy to hear you screamin in her ear (ma-maa!)
That's why you can't get her to wake, but don't worry
Da-da made a nice bed for mommy at the bottom of the lake
Here, you wanna help da-da tie a rope around this rock?  (yeah!)
We'll tie it to her footsie then we'll roll her off the dock
Ready now, here we go, on the count of free..
One.. two.. free.. WHEEEEEE!  (whoooooshhhhh)
There goes mama, spwashin in the wa-ta
No more fightin wit dad, no more restraining order
No more step-da-da, no more new brother
Blow her kisses bye-bye, tell mama you love her (mommy!)
Now we'll go play in the sand, build a castle and junk
But first, just help dad with two more things out the trunk
Just the two of us.. (2X)
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. (2X)
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. (2X)
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. (2X)
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. (4X)
[Eminem]
Just me and you baby
is all we need in this world
Just me and you
Your da-da will always be there for you
Your da-da's always gonna love you
Remember that
If you ever need me I will always be here for you
If you ever need anything, just ASK
Da-da will be right there
Your da-da loves you
I love you baby

_____
[Eminem]
Baby your da-da loves you (hey)
And I'ma always be here for you (hey) no matter what happens
You're all I got in this world
I would never give you up for nothin
Nobody in this world is ever gonna keep you from me
I love you
C'mon Hai-Hai, we goin to the beach
Grab a couple of toys and let da-da strap you in the car seat
Oh where's mama?  She's takin a little nap in the trunk
Oh that smell (whew!) da-da musta runned over a skunk
Now I know what you're thinkin - it's kind of late to go swimmin
But you know your mama, she's one of those type of women
that do crazy things, and if she don't get her way, she'll throw a fit
Don't play with da-da's toy knife, honey, let go of it (no!)
And don't look so upset, why you actin bashful?
Don't you wanna help da-da build a sand castle? (yeah!)
And mama said she wants to show how far she can float
And don't worry about that little boo-boo on her throat
It's just a little scratch - it don't hurt, her was eatin
dinner while you were sweepin and spilled ketchup on her shirt
Mama's messy isn't she?  We'll let her wash off in the water
and me and you can pway by ourselves, can't we?
Just the two of us.. (2X)
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. (2X)
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. (2X)
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. (2X)
Just you and I!
See honey.. there's a place called heaven and a place called hell
A place called prison and a place called jail
And da-da's probably on his way to all of em except one
Cause mama's got a new husband and a stepson
And you don't want a brother do ya?  (Nah)
Maybe when you're old enough to understand a little better
I'll explain it to ya
But for now we'll just say mama was real real bad
She was bein mean to dad and made him real real mad
But I still feel sad that I put her on time-out
Sit back in your chair honey, quit tryin to climb out (WAHH!)
I told you it's okay HaiHai, wanna ba-ba? 
Take a night-night?  Nan-a-boo, goo-goo ga-ga?
Her make goo-goo ca-ca?  Da-da change your dia-dee
Clean the baby up so her can take a nighty-nighty
Your dad'll wake her up as soon as we get to the water
Ninety-seven Bonnie and Clyde, me and my daughter
Just the two of us.. (2X)
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. (2X)
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. (2X)
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. (2X)
Just you and I!
Wake up sweepy head we're here, before we pway
we're gonna take mama for a wittle walk along the pier
Baby, don't cry honey, don't get the wrong idea
Mama's too sweepy to hear you screamin in her ear (ma-maa!)
That's why you can't get her to wake, but don't worry
Da-da made a nice bed for mommy at the bottom of the lake
Here, you wanna help da-da tie a rope around this rock?  (yeah!)
We'll tie it to her footsie then we'll roll her off the dock
Ready now, here we go, on the count of free..
One.. two.. free.. WHEEEEEE!  (whoooooshhhhh)
There goes mama, spwashin in the wa-ta
No more fightin wit dad, no more restraining order
No more step-da-da, no more new brother
Blow her kisses bye-bye, tell mama you love her (mommy!)
Now we'll go play in the sand, build a castle and junk
But first, just help dad with two more things out the trunk
Just the two of us.. (2X)
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. (2X)
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. (2X)
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. (2X)
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. (4X)
[Eminem]
Just me and you baby
is all we need in this world
Just me and you
Your da-da will always be there for you
Your da-da's always gonna love you
Remember that
If you ever need me I will always be here for you
If you ever need anything, just ASK
Da-da will be right there
Your da-da loves you
I love you baby

_____
Artist: Eminem, D12
Song: Keep Talkin 
Album: The Conspiracy Mixtape
Intro- Bizarre
yea
Detroit mother fucker
DJ Green Lantern(the evil genious)
D12
We aint goin no where
We still smokin crack nigga
haha
Let um know
HA-HA
Chorus- Eminem
Bitch keep talkin
keep on popin off with them jaws because, we aint stoppin
we aint got to prove shit to yall so all yall can lick the balls and keep walkin
keep on poppin that shit you poppin
cause we aint stoppin cuz you aint stoppin us
we aint got to prove shit to yall so all yall can lick the balls and keep walkin
COME ON
Verse 1-Kuniva
yo the derelict is back
im blazin niggas while they up in the Sheraton last
i even sold my therapist crack
you niggas is bitch straight up im bearin the facts
i love pussy wit all my heart but i married the gats
and nigga im top pedigree so dont play wit me
ill blow your tattoos all over your baby seat
kids and all be hit
peers and all masuberg will take your back, liver ribs and all
kuniva the street talker, heat sparker the beef starter
packin guns when im sleep walkin
(Bitch keep talkin)
throwin fire bombs down your chimney
while you eatin at wendys
im in your bushes cockin the semi
nice wit the hands
never bow down to another man
i was poppin guns while you was still poppin some rubber bands
smother your clan
sever your hands and your legs
mail your brother your heart and send your mother ya head
Verse 2- Swifty
im the only one your bitch let touch her
type of brother that will fuck your mother
with a fishnet rubber
a belligerent and rowdy mother fucker
that'll dump your body and still fly away to maui on the ???
when it comes to beefin
it aint no explainin
ill change your language wit a stainless
im contained wit a anguish to leave your famous
im a deranged pit yall lift an AK to pinch ya face wit
niggas dont say shit fuck your hype man if its a bystander standin by im firein at ya, cause i can
you get squashed like pop cans
i be shootin 7up in your mouth man
im about to sell your mama bud, and lace it
so when she fire it up she coughin blood
i love to see um wasted
im made to behave in this case
you try to be brave in this rage and your legs will be replaced
Chorus- Eminem
bitch keep talkin
keep on popin off with them jaws because
we aint stoppin
we aint got to prove shit to yall so all yall can lick the balls and keep walkin
keep on poppin that shit you poppin
cause we aint stoppin cuz you aint stoppin us
we aint got to prove shit to yall so all yall can lick the balls and keep walkin
COME ON
Verse 3- Bizarre
i aint her to talk about Benzino or Ja Rule
im here to talk about lil Ray Ray and whatever do
sike i aint gonna mention it
he probally sue
next week this shit'll be out on DJ Clue (Exclusive)
the first time i had sex.. a derty mattress
no condom.. my grandmother.. bent over backwards
bizarre been fuckin raw all summer
lets make a trade, my wife for your brother
sike, im not bisexual
im an intelectual, transexual, one testicle(one nut)
and i aint sayin shit cause it rhyme
i got colon cancer, im diein
Verse 4- Proof
YE-YE
Rest in peace Jam Master Jay
Tupac
and Notorious BIG
im probally the best
guy in the flesh
blow ya heart out ya chest
and ya chest out ya vest
leave ya body a mess streets bloody as hell
study my trail i cut and me fail
a druggy on bail nutty as well
which such like buddy revel
dead or in jail
still headin for hell
the ghetto rebels the wrong guy
now get ya lungs heart you full of wholes like sponge bob
we can set this from your front door to your CEO office
got the key to your coffin
To pee on you often
Great me wit offers we taken over
Or get China white mixed wit bakin soda
Ya hear me
Outro- Eminem
fuckin crack heads
and this is just mix tape shit you fuckin morons
this aint brains over braun
this is bullys over fuckin pussies
haha come on bitch
Chorus- Eminem
Bitch keep talkin
keep on popin off with them jaws because
we aint stoppin
we aint got to prove shit to yall so all yall can lick the balls and keep walkin
keep on poppin that shit you poppin
cause we aint stoppin cuz you aint stoppin us
we aint got to prove shit to yall so all yall can lick the balls and keep walkin

_____
Ken: Let's call this motherfucker.
[dials operator]
Ken: Oh, fuck yeah... give him a piece of my mind... piece of my ass.
[operator comes on]
Operator: Thanks for waiting. Hello, may I help you?
Ken: Oh, thank you. I need to make a collect call.
Operator: What number?
Ken: Oh... the number's [censored]
Operator: At the tone, please say your name.
[Beep]
Ken: Kenith Keniff. From Connecticut. [connecting] Automated piece of shit.
Eminem: Yo?
Ken: Hey there, cock boy.
Eminem: Who's this?
Ken: This is Ken Keniff.
Eminem: Who?
Ken: Ken Keniff from Connecticut, you lil' bitch.
Eminem: From Connecticut?
Ken: Yeah, you wanna...
Eminem: I don't know nobody in Connecticut.
Ken: You wanna get a hotel room with me?
Eminem: A hotel room?
Ken: Yeah, you want me to lick your ass, EMINEM?
Eminem: [laughs] Yo, who is this? Kate?
Ken: [laughing] You want me to fuckin' melt in your mouth and not in your hand? Melt in your ass, ya lil' cock boy.
Eminem: [snickers] Yo, shut up, you lil' bitch.
Ken: Oh, you think I'm lying, huh?
Eminem: [laughing out loud]
Ken: Ugh.

_____
[Eminem]
When I was just a little baby boy,
my momma used to tell me these crazy things.
She used to tell me my daddy was an evil man,
she used to tell me he hated me.
But then I got a little bit older and I realized,
she was the crazy one.
But there was nothin I could do or say to try to change her,
cuz that's just the way she was.
They said I can't rap about bein broke no more.
They aint say I can't rap about coke no more.
(AHHH!) Slut, you think I won't choke no whore
till the vocal cords don't work in her throat no more?!
(AHHH!) These motherfuckers are thinkin I'm playin
Thinkin I'm sayin this shit cuz I'm thinkin it just to be sayin it
(AHHH!) Put your hands down BITCH, I ain't gon' shoot you.
I'ma pull +YOU+ to this bullet, and put it through you
(AHHH!) Shut up slut, you're causin too much chaos
Just bend over and take it slut, okay Ma?
Oh, now he's rapin his own mother, abusing a whore,
snorting coke, and we gave him the Rolling Stone cover?
You goddamn right BITCH, and now it's too late,
I'm triple platinum and tragedies happened in two states.
I invented violence, you vile venomous volatile bitches
vain Vicodin, vrinnn Vrinnn, VRINNN! {*chainsaw revs up*}
Texas Chainsaw, left his brains all
Danglin from his neck, while his head barely hangs on.
Blood, guts, guns, cuts.
Knives, lives, wives, nuns, sluts.
Chorus: Eminem
Bitch I'ma kill you!  You don't wanna fuck with me.
Girls neither- you ain't nuttin but a slut to me
Bitch I'ma kill you! You ain't got the balls to beef.
We ain't gon' never stop beefin I don't squash the beef.
You better kill me? I'ma be another rapper dead
for poppin off at the mouth with shit I shouldn'ta said.
But when they kill me - I'm bringin the world with me.
Bitches too! You ain't nuttin but a girl to me.
..I said you don't, wanna fuck with Shady, (cause why?)
Cause Shady, will fuckin kill you. (ah-haha)
I said you don't, wanna fuck with Shady, (why naht?)
Cuz Shady, will fuckin kill you
[Eminem]
Bitch I'ma kill you! Like a murder weapon, I'ma conceal you
in a closet with mildew, sheets, pillows and film you
Fuck with me, I been through hell, shut the hell up!
I'm tryin to develop these pictures of the Devil to sell 'em
I ain't acid rap, but I rap on acid
Got a new blow-up doll and just had a strap-on added.
WHOOPS! Is that a subliminal hint? NO!
Just criminal intent to sodomize women again
Eminem offend? NO! Eminem'll assault.
And if you ever give in to him, you give him an impulse
to do it again, THEN, if he does it again
you'll probably end up jumpin out of somethin up in the 10th
(Ahhhhhhhh!) Bitch I'ma kill you, I ain't done, this ain't the chorus.
I ain't even drugged you in the woods yet to paint the forest
A bloodstain is orange after you wash it three or four times
in the tub but that's normal ain't it, Norman?
Serial killer hidin murder material
in a cereal box on top of your stereo
Here we go again, we're out of our medicine,
out of our minds, and we want in yours, let us in.
Chorus (first line starts  Or I'ma kill you! )
[Eminem]
Eh-heh, know why I say these things?
Cause ladies screams keep creepin in Shady's dreams.
And the way things seem, I shouldn't have to pay these shrinks
these eighty G's a week to say the same things TWEECE!
TWICE? Whatever, I hate these things
Fuck shots! I hope the weed'll outweigh these drinks
Motherfuckers want me to come on their radio shows
just to argue with 'em cuz their ratings stink?
FUCK THAT! I'll choke radio announcer to bouncer,
from fat bitch to all seventy-thousand pounds of her.
From principal, to the student body, and counselor,
from in-school, to before school, to out of school.
I don't even believe in breathin, I'm leavin air in your lungs
just to hear you keep screamin for me to seep it.
OKAY, I'M READY TO GO PLAY
I GOT THE MACHETE FROM O.J.
I'M READY TO MAKE EVERYONE'S THROATS sag
You faggots keep eggin me on till I have you at knifepoint,
then you beg
me to stop?
SHUT UP! Gimme your hands and feet!
I said SHUT UP when I'm talkin to you!
YOU HEAR ME? ANSWER ME!
Chorus (first line starts  Or I'ma kill you!
ninth line starts  Bitch I'ma kill you! )
[Eminem] Hahaha, I'm just playin ladies. You know I love you.

_____
[Eminem]
Aww look at daddy's baby girl
That's daddy's baby
Little sleepy head
Yesterday I changed your diaper
Wiped you and powdered you.
How did you get so big?
Can't believe it now you're two
Baby, you're so precious
Daddy's so proud of you
Sit down, bitch
If you move again I'll beat the shit out of you
[Eminem]
(Eminem as Kim)
(Okay)
Don't make me wake this, baby
She don't need to see what I'm about to do
Quit crying, bitch, why do you always make me shout at you?
How could you?
Just leave me and love him out the blue
Oh, what's the matter Kim?
Am I too loud for you?
Too bad, bitch, you're gonna finally hear me out this time
At first, I'm like all right
You wanna throw me out? That's fine!
But not for him to take my place, are you out your mind?
This couch, this TV, this whole house is mine!
How could you let him sleep in our bed?
Look at Kim
Look at your husband now!
(No!)
I said look at him!
He ain't so hot now is he?
Little punk!
(Why are you doing this?)
Shut the fuck up!
(You're drunk! You're never going to get away at this!)
You think I give a fuck!
Come on we're going for a ride, bitch
(No!)
Sit up front
(Well, I can't just leave Hailie alone, what if she wakes up?)
We'll be right back
Well, I will, you'll be in the trunk
[2x]
So long, bitch, you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you
You really fucked me Kim
You really did a number on me
Never knew me cheating on you would come back to haunt me
But we was kids then Kim, I was only 18
That was years ago
I thought we wiped the slate clean
That's fucked up!
(I love you!)
Oh, God, my brain is racing
(I love you!)
What are you doing?
Change the station I hate this song!
Does this look like a big joke?
(No!)
There's a four year old boy lyin' dead with a slit throat
In your living room, ha-ha
What you think I'm kiddin' you?
You loved him, didn't you?
(No!)
Bullshit you, bitch, don't fucking lie to me
What the fuck's this guy's problem on the side of me?
Fuck you asshole, yeah, bite me
Kim, KIM!
Why don't you like me?
You think I'm ugly don't you
(It's not that!)
No, you think I'm ugly
(Baby)
Get the fuck away from me, don't touch me
I HATE YOU! I HATE YOU!
I SWEAR TO GOD, I HATE YOU
OH, MY GOD, I LOVE YOU
How the fuck could you do this to me?
(Sorry!)
How the fuck could you do this to me?
[2x]
So long, bitch, you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you
Come on get out
(I can't I'm scared)
I said get out, bitch!
(Let go of my hair, please don't do this, baby)
(Please I love you, look we can just take Hailie and leave)
Fuck you, you did this to us
You did it, it's your fault
Oh, my God, I'm crackin' up
Get a grip Marshall
Hey remember the time we went to Brian's party?
And you were like so drunk that you threw up all over Archie
That was funny, wasn't it?
(Yes!)
That was funny, wasn't it?
(Yes!)
See it all makes sense, doesn't it?
You and your husband have a fight
One of you tries to grab a knife
And during the struggle he accidentally gets his Adam's apple sliced
(No!)
And while this is goin' on
His son just woke up and he just walks in
She panics and he gets his throat cut
(Oh, my God!)
So now they both dead and you slash your own throat
So now it's double homicide and suicide with no note
I should have known better when you started to act weird
We could've... HEY! Where you going? Get back here!
You can't run from me, Kim
It's just us, nobody else!
You're only making this harder on yourself
Ha! Ha! Got'cha!
(Ah!)
Ha! Go ahead, yell!
Here I'll scream with you!
AH, SOMEBODY HELP!
Don't you get it, bitch, no one can hear you?
Now shut the fuck up and get what's coming to you
You were supposed to love me
[Kim choking]
NOW BLEED! BITCH, BLEED!
BLEED! BITCH, BLEED! BLEED!
[2x]
So long, bitch, you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you

_____
When you look at me, tell me what you see,
This is what you get, it's the way I am.
When I look at you, I wanna be, I wanna be,
Somewhere close to heaven, with a spider and some jam
Don't go, I know you wanna touch me, here, there and everywhere,
Sparks fly when we are together, you can't deny the facts of life.
CHORUS:
You don't have to act like a star, trying moves in the back of your car,
But you know that we can go far, coz tonight you're gonna get my.
Don't play the games that you play, coz you know that I won't run away,
Why aren't you asking me to stay, coz tonight I'm gonna give you my.
(annoying kissing noises, followed by some farts from holly herself)
You could be mine, baby, what's your star sign?(gemini)
Won't you take a step into the lion's den.-isa
I can hear my conscience calling you, calling you,
Say I'm gonna be a bad girl again.(*farts*)
Why don't you come on over, we can't leave this all undone,
Got a devil on my shoulder, there's no place for you to run.
(plus u cant cuz ur a fat shit bitch like boglopper)
CHORUS
If you forget, I'll remind you, if you're paranoid, I'm behind you,
If you lose your head, I'll find you, sending you my kiss.
If you forget, I'll remind you, if you're paranoid, I'm behind you,
If you lose your head, I'll find you, kiss, kiss.
CHORUS x 2

_____
Hey yo head, Thats why i fucked your mother you fat motherfucker
Kill Whitey (HA HA HA)
Kill Whitey (Detroit)
Kill Whitey
Kill Whitey
First off, fuck your songs and the shit you say
Diss my wife but at least i got a bitch you gay
you claim to be a muslim but you irish white
so fuck you fatboy drop the mic lets fight
Plus i punch you in the chest
Weak hearts i rip
Whitey Ford and Forty White lethargic ass dickhead
I keep on comin while your running outta breath
steady duckin while im punchin at your chest
you need a rest
dialated go ask your people how I leave ya
with your 3 cd's nobody sees, when they released
evidence dont fuck around with REAL MCs
you aint ready for no underground beef, so fuck geeks
ill let you faggots know its on for life,
but everlast might die tonight (haha)
Fat boy murdered, all waxed, and killed
fuck with me and take a heart pill
YOU KNOW

_____
[Intro - Lil Shade - 50 Cent]
Left left left right left
yo left left left right left
(Liiiillll Shaaadddeee)
left left left right left
yo left left left right left
(Sssshhaaaddyyyyy Aftermath  gggg-unit!!)
[Eminem]
COME ON!
[Chorus - Lil Shade - Eminem]
Now step step left right left
March march march through the mosh
Step step left right left
Im about to lose it stop it damn i just lost it
I told ya im a balla and i told ya dont mess with this soldier
So everybody just step step left right left
[Verse 1 - Lil Shade]
Now everybody put your right hands over your hearts
for the soldiers one more time put your right hands
over your hearts for the soldiers here we go were about
to blow look out below chris take it away lets go
[Eminem]
Yea finally im about to show all you knuckleheads
just how much I've grown so sit back buckle up
hold on for the show Lil Shade lets go were about to blow
you can see it in my eyes even when i grin im about to
commit another sin
[Lil Shade]
Yea im back big matt cuttin back in my nikes yea i know
you like these there like cleats my man chris and Dr. Dre
make the illest beats sit back in your seat and take the time
to listen to this CD maybe one day you'll see me on your TV
you can see me when you sleep im in your dreams and
thats as close as you'll ever get to me without having our
soldiers run up on you and make you leave sometimes
they will make you plead maybe even make you bleed
listen to the chorus here it is it goes alittle something like this
[Chorus - Lil Shade - Eminem]
Now step step left right left
March march march through the mosh
Step step left right left
Im about to lose it stop it damn i just lost it
I told ya im a balla and i told ya dont mess with this soldier
So everybody just step step left right left
[Verse 2 - Eminem]
Sometimes our motha fuckin soldiers may get alittle bit crazy
bitch this is shady i know sometimes listening to us may make
you hate us but remember were soldiers you could never take us
break us dont make no mistakes gee cuz we will set ya straight
see i will have lil shade snip the breaks on your escalade and
make your problems escalate homie you dont wanna step up to me
[Lil Shade]
Times up bitch too late your late stop trying to be something
you aint thats just something that i wont tolerate your only
what you paint in your picture in your angst but its shown clearly
on your face you aint even have to make any complaints i guess
you dont know our music will only grow i followed my dream
and followed in someone elses shadow the star from the eminem
show my idol you better believe his curtains will never close
hes just waitin for the right time to release the next episode aiyyo
chris man lets go (COME ON NOOOWWW!!)
[Chorus - Lil Shade - Eminem]
Just step step left right left
March march march through the mosh
Step step left right left
Im about to lose it stop it damn i just lost it
I told ya im a balla and i told ya dont mess with this soldier
So everybody just step step left right left
[Outro - 50 Cent]
Yea! 2005 Shady Records man Matt Nicholson a.k.a. Lil Shade
Marshall Mathers a.k.a. Eminem 50 Cent ggg gunit
True soldiers man Ha Ha Ha yo were out!
(Eminem)
PEACE!

_____
[Lickety Split]
This guy's a choke artist
Ya catch a bad one
Your better off shootin yourself
With Papa Doc's handgun
Climbin up this mountain your weak
Ill leave you lost without a paddle
Floatin shits creek
You ain't Detroit, Im the D
Your the new kid on the block
Bout to get smacked back to the boonedocks
Fuckin Nazi, this crowd ain't your type
Take some real advice and form a group with Vanilla Ice
And what I tell you, you better use it
This guy's a hillbilly, this ain't Willie Nelson music
Trailor trash, Ill choke you to your last breath
And have you lookin foolish
Like Cheddar Bob when he shot himself
Silly Rabbit, I know why they call you that
Cause you follow Future like you got carrots up his asscrack
And when you actin up thats when you got jacked up
And left stupid like Tina Turner when she got smacked up
Ill crack your shoulder blade
Youll get dropped so hard
Elvis will start turnin in his grave
I dont know why they let you out in the dark
You need to take your white ass back across 8 mile
To the trailor park
[Rabbit]
This guy raps like his parents jerked him
He sounds like Eric Sermon, the generic version
This whole crowd looks suspicious
Its all dudes in here, except for these bitches
So Im a German, Eh
Thats ok, you look like a fuckin worm with braids
These Leaders of the Free World rookies
Lookie, how can 6 dicks be pussies
Talkin bout shits creek
Bitch, you could be up piss creek
With paddles this deep
Your still gonna sink
Your a disgrace
Yeah, they call me Rabbit
This is a turtle race
He can't get with me spittin this shit
Wickedly lickety shot
Spickety spickety split lickety
So Im gonna turn around with a great smile
And walk my white ass back across 8 mile!

_____
This song lyrics are not displayed due to the claim of copyright holder
_____
I kno this girl
Her name is Lily
and its past her bed
T-I-M-E
she goes to sleep
and she can just dream
and not have to be
in a stinky trailer wit me
so when i fell blue
dont know what to do
i look at you
and i just say..... (blows rasberry)

_____
"Obie Trice/Real Name No Gimmicks..."
[Eminem]
2 trailer park girls go round the outside,
round the outside, round the outside (Repeat Refrain 1)
[Female Voice]
"Ooooohhhhh!"
[Eminem]
Guess who's back, back again
Shady's back, tell a friend
Guess who's back, guess who's back,
guess who's back, guess who's back,
guess who's back, guess who's back,
guess who's back...
I've created a monster,
cuz nobody wants to see Marshall no more,
they want Shady, I'm chopped liver
well if you want Shady, this is what I'll give ya,
a little bit of weed mixed with some hard liquor
some vodka that'll jumpstart my heart quicker,
then a shock when I get shocked at the hospital,
by the Dr. when I'm not cooperating,
when I'm rocking the table while he's operating
you waited this long now stop debating,
cuz I'm back, I'm on the rag and ovulating
I know that you got a job Ms. Cheney,
but your husbands heart problem's complicating
So the FCC wont let me be or let me be me so let me see
they tried to shut me down on MTV but it feels so empty without me
So come on and dip, bum on your lips fuck that,
cum on your lips and some on your tits,
and get ready cuz this shit's about to get heavy
I just settled all my lawsuits (Fuck YOU DEBBIE!)
Chorus (X2)
Now this looks like a job for me
So everybody just follow me
Cuz we need a little controversy,
Cuz it feels so empty without me
Little hellions, kids feeling rebellious
embarrassed, their parents still listen to Elvis
they start feeling the prisoners helpless,
'til someone comes along on a mission and yells "bitch"
A visionary, vision is scary, could start a revolution,
pollutin the air waves a rebel so let me just revel an ask,
the fact that I got everyone kissing my ass
and it's a disaster such a catastrophe,
for you to see so damn much of my ass you ask for me?
Well I'm back (batman sound) fix your bent antennae tune it in and then I'm gonna
enter in and up under your skin like a splinter
The center of attention back for the winter
I'm interesting, the best thing since wrestling
Infesting in your kids ears and nesting
"Testing Attention Please",
feel the tension soon as someone mentions me
here's my 10 cents my 2 cents is free
A nuisance, who sent, you sent for me?
Chorus (2x)
A tisk-it a task-it, I'll go tit for tat with anybody who's talking this shit that shit. Chris Kirkpatrick you can get your ass kicked
worse than them little Limp Bizkit bastards, and Moby
you can get stomped by Obie, you 36 year old bald headed fag blow me
You don't know me, you're too old let go its over, nobody listens to techno
Now lets go, give me the signal I'll be there with a whole list full of new insults
I've been dope, suspenseful with a pencil ever since Prince turned himself into a symbol
But sometimes the shit just seems, everybody only wants to discuss me
So this must mean I'm disgusting, but its just me I'm just obscene
Though I'm not the first king of controversy
I am the worst thing since Elvis Presley, to do Black Music so selfishly
and use it to get myself wealthy (Hey)
there's a concept that works
20 million other white rappers emerge
but no matter how many fish in the sea it'd be so empty without me
Chorus (2x)
Cho
Hum dei dei la la, la la la la la, la la la la la, la la la la
Hum dei la la, la la la la la, la la la la la, la la la la
"Kids!"

_____
Look, if you had one shot, or one opportunity
To seize everything you ever wanted, one moment
Would you capture it, or just let it slip?  Yo
His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy
There's vomit on his sweater already, mom's spaghetti
He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready
To drop bombs, but he keeps on forgettin'
What he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loud
He opens his mouth, but the words won't come out
He's chokin' how, everybody's chokin' now
The clock's run out, time's up, over, bloah!
Snap back to reality, oh, there goes gravity
Oh, there goes Rabbit, he choked, he's so mad
But he won't give up that easy, no, he won't have it
He knows his whole back's to these ropes
It don't matter, he's dope
He knows that, but he's broke, he's so stagnant, he knows
When he goes back to his mobile home, that's when it's
Back to the lab again, yo, this whole rhapsody
He better go capture this moment and hope it don't pass him
You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime
You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime
The soul's escaping through this hole that is gaping
This world is mine for the taking, make me king
As we move toward a new world order
A normal life is boring, but superstardom's close to post-mortem
It only grows harder, only grows hotter
He blows us all over, these hoes is all on him
Coast to coast shows, he's known as the globetrotter
Lonely roads, God only knows he's grown farther from home
He's no father, he goes home and barely knows his own daughter
But hold your nose cuz here goes the cold water
These hoes don't want him no mo', he's cold product
They moved on to the next schmoe who flows
He nose dove and sold nada
So the soap opera is told and unfolds, I suppose it's old partner
But the beat goes on da da dum da dum da da
You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime
You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime
No more games, I'ma change what you call rage
Tear this mothafuckin' roof off like 2 dogs caged
I was playin' in the beginnin, the mood all changed
I been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage
But I kept rhymin' and stepwritin' the next cypher
Best believe somebody's payin' the pied piper
All the pain inside amplified by the fact
That I can't get by with my nine to five
And I can't provide the right type of life for my family
Cuz man, these goddam food stamps don't buy diapers
And it's no movie, there's no Mekhi Phifer
This is my life, and these times are so hard
And it's getting even harder tryin' to feed and water my seed, plus
Teetertotter caught up between bein a father and a prima donna
Baby mama drama screamin on and too much for me to wanna
Stay in one spot, another day of monotony
Has gotten me to the point I'm like a snail
I've got to formulate a plot or end up in jail or shot
Success is my only mothafuckin' option, failure's not
Mom, I love you, but this trailer's got to go
I cannot grow old in Salem's lot
So here I go with my shot, feet fail me not
This may be the only opportunity that I got
You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime
You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime
You can do anything you set your mind to, man

_____
{With Lose Urself Intro Solo - Eminem:}
look, if you had, one shot, or one opportunity
to seize everything you ever wanted, in one moment
would you capture it, just let it slip, yo
{With Mundian to bach ke Rah - Punjabi Mc:}
Mimian to but the tiri bachin akilar,
baleri ke muki ale bachin akilaaaaar, {x4}
Arae Karee Na Kisii De Naaal  Pyaaar,
The Mundian to bach ke Rahi,
with the Hurle, hurle, hurle murd Bilar,
The Mundian to bach ke Rahi
with the Hurle, Hurle, Hurle murd Bilar,
The Mundian to bach keee Rahiiiiiiiiii-ahhh!
Mimian to but the tiri bachin akilar,
baleri ke muki ale bachin akilaaaaar
{Eminem}:
if you had, one shot, or one opportunity
to seize everything you ever wanted, in one moment
would you capture it, just let it slip, yo
the clocks run out, times up, over, plow!
snap back to reality, oh
there goes gravity, oh
there goes rabbit, he choke
he's so mad but he won't
give up that easy, no
he won't have it he, knows
his whole back's to these ropes
it don't matter he's dope
he knows that but he's broke
he so stacked that he knows
when he goes back to this moble home
that's when it's
back to the lab again, yo
this whole raps city better go capture this moment
and hope it don't pass him (you betta)
lose yourself in the music, the moment, you own it,
you better never let it go
you only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
this opportunity comes once in a life-time, yo (you betta)
lose yourself in the music, the moment, you own it,
you better never let it go
you only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
this opportunity comes once in a life-time, yo (you betta)
the souls escaping, through this whole that is gaping
this world is mine for the taking, make me king
as we move toward'a, new world ord'a, a normal life is boring
but superstardoms, close to post mortum
it only grows harder, homie grows hotter
he blows us all over, these hoes is all on him
coast to coast shows he's known as the globe trotter
lonely roads god only knows, he knows he grown farther from home
he's no father, he goes home and barely knows his own daughter
but hold your nose cuz here goes the cold water
these hoes don't want him no more he's cold product
they moved on to the next smo' who flows he nose dove, ain't sold notta
so the soap opera's told and unfolds i suppose it's old partner
but the beat goes on da da dum da da dum da da (you betta)
lose yourself in the music, the moment, you own it,
you better never let it go
you only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
cuz this opportunity comes once in a life-time, yo (you betta)
lose yourself in the music, the moment, you own it,
you better never let it go
you only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
cuz this opportunity comes once in a life-time, yo (you betta)
Da Da Dum

_____
[Lotto]
[Spoken]
Yo, it's time to get rid of this coward once and for all.
I'm sick of the motha fucka! Check this shit out!
[Rap]
I'll spit a racial slur, honky, sue me!
This shit is a horror flick,
but the black guy doesn't die in this movie!
Fuckin' wit Lotto, dawg, you gotta be kiddin!
That makes me believe you really dont have a interest in livin!
You think these niggas gonna feel the shit you say?
I got a betta chance joining the KKK.
Or some real shit, though, I like you
That's why I didn't wanna have to be the one you commit sucide to
Fuck 'Lotto,' call me your leader
I feel bad I gotta murder that dude from "Leave It To Beaver"
I used to like that show, now you got me to "fight back" mode
But oh well, if you gotta go, then you gotta go!
I hate to do this, I would love for this shit to last
So I'll take pictures of my rear end so you won't forget my ass
And all's well that ends well, ok?
So I'll end this shit wit a "FUCK you, but have a nice day!"
[Eminem]
Ward, I think you were a little hard on the Beaver
So was Eddie Haskal, Wally, and Ms. Cleaver
This guy keeps screamin', he's paranoid!
Quick, someone get his ass another steriod!
"Blahbity bloo blah blah blahbity bloo blah!"
I ain't hear a word you said, "hipidy hooblah!"
Is that a tank top, or a new bra?
Look, Snoop Dogg just got a fuckin' boob job!
Didn't you listen to the last round, meat head?
Pay attention, you're sayin the same shit that he said!
Matter fact, dog, here's a pencil
Go home, write some shit, make it suspenseful,
And don't come back until something dope hits you
Fuck it! You can take the mike home with you!
Lookin' like a cyclone hit you,
Tank top screamin', "Lotto, I don't fit you!"
You see how far those white jokes get you
Boy's like "How Vanilla Ice gonna diss you?"
My motto: Fuck Lotto!
I get the 7 digits from your mother for a dolla tomorrow!

_____
[Lotto]
Yo, I spit a racial slur. Honky, sue me.
This shit is a Horror flick
but the black guy doesnt die in this movie.
Fucking with Lotto dawg you gotta be kiddin.
That makes me believe you really dont have a interest in livin.
You think these niggas gonna feel the shit you say?
I got a better chance joinin the K.K.K.
Know some real shit tho? I like you.
Thats why I didnt wanna be the one you commit suicide to.
Fuck Lotto ... call me your leader.
I feel bad I gotta murder that dude from leave it to beaver.
I used to like that show now you got me in fight back mode.
But oh well if you gotta go ... then you gotta go.
I hate to do this. I would love for this shit to last.
So Ill take pictures of my rear end so you wont forget my ass.
And all is well that ends ok.
So Ill end this shit with a ... fuck you but have a nice day!
[B-Rabbit]
Ward I think you were a little  hard on the Beaver.
So was Eddie Haskel, Wally and Ms. Cleaver.
This guy keeps screamin hes paranoid.
Quick someone get his ass another steroid!
Blah-de-bee-bee, blah blah blah-be-dee-, blooh-blah.
I didnt hear a word you said ... hippity-hoo blah.
Is that a tank top or a new bra?
Look Snoop Dogg has got a fucking boob job!
Didnt you listen to the last round meathead?
Pay attention your saying the same shit that he said.
Matter a fact dawg, here's a pencil.
Go home, write some shit, make it suspenseful
and dont come back until somethin dope hits you.
Fuck it, you could take the mic home with you.
Lookin like a cyclone hit you.
Tanktops screamin Lotto I dont fit you!
You see how far them white jokes get you,
boys like hows Vanilla Ice gonna diss you?
My motto fuck Lotto.
Ill get them digits from your mother for a dollar tomorrow.

_____
I never meant to
Give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to
Bring you to my world
And now you're lying in the corner
Crying
(Cheers and applause)
I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
i never meant to bring you to my world and now your sitting in the corner cyring
And now its my fault my fault
I went to John's rave with Ron and Dave
And met a new wave blonde babe with half of her head shaved
A nurse aid who came to get laid and tied up
with first aid tape and raped on the first date
Susan -- an ex-heroin addict who just stopped usin
who love booze and alternative music (Whattup?)
Told me she was goin back into usin again (Nah!)
I said, Wait, first try this hallucinogen
It's better than heroin, Henn, the booze or the gin
C'mere, let's go in here
Who's in the den?"
"It's me and Kelly!"
My bad, (sorry) let's try another room
"I don't trust you!"
Shut up slut!  Chew up this mushroom
This'll help you get in touch with your roots
We'll get barefoot, buttnaked, and run in the woods
"Oh hell, I might as well try em, this party is so drab"
Oh dag!!
"What?"
I ain't mean for you to eat the whole bag!
"Huh?!"
Chorus (x2)
Yo Sue!
"Get away from me, I don't know you"
Oh shoot, she's tripping..
"I need to go puke!!"
I wasn't tryin to turn this into somethin major
I just wanted to make you appreciate nature
Susan, stop cryin, I don't hate ya
The world's not against you, I'm sorry your father raped you
So what you had your little coochie in your dad's mouth?
That ain't no reason to start wiggin and spaz out
She said,
"Help me I think I'm havin a seisure!"
I said, I'm high too bitch, quit grabbin my t-shirt!  (Let go!)
Would you calm down you're startin to scare me
She said,
"I'm twenty-six years old and I'm not married
I don't even have any kids and I can't cook!"
(Hello!) I'm over here Sue, (hi) you're talkin to the plant, look!
We need to get to a hospital 'fore it's too late
Cause I never seen no-one eat as many shrooms as you ate
chorus (x2)
Susan (wait!)  Where you goin'  You better be careful
"Leave me alone dad, I'm sick of gettin my hair pulled"
I'm not your dad, quit tryin to swallow your tongue
Want some gum?  Put down the scissors, 'fore you do somethin dumb
I'll be right back just chill baby please?
I gotta go find Dave he's the one who gave me these
John, where's Dave at before I bash you?
"He's in the bathroom; I think he's takin a crap dude!"
Dave!  Pull up your pants, we need an ambulance
There's a girl upstairs talkin to plants
choppin her hair off, and there's only two days left
of Spring Break, how long do these things take to wear off?
"Well it depends on how many you had"
I took three, she ate the other twenty-two caps
Now she's upstairs cryin out her eyeballs, drinkin Lysol
"She's gonna die dude"
I know and it's my fault!
"My god!!!"
chorus (x2)
My God, I'm so sorry!
I'm so sorry!  Susan please wake up!
Please!  Please wake up!!  What are you doing?!
You're not dead!!  You're NOT dead!
I know you're not dead!  Oh my God!
Susan wake up!  Oh God...

_____
[Verse 1]
[Obie Trice]
You don't see me in the hood
It's cause I'm doing this man
Niggas, I'm still grinding, (yeah...)
I'm still hearing those sirens,
I'm still getting chased by those lights,
Only the light's mine and my mic's on
And my time is none because I'm writing more,
And I ain't here to meet a soul in this buisness,
I'm here to eat, speak, until these hoes feel this, (for sure...)
and I can't let y'all derail me man,
I got young Kobe, homie, you gotta let go of Obie
cause Obie be back, (ain't goin' nowhere man...)
We got them craps going on
and that yak going on,
soon as a nigga touch down back from tourin',
It's whateva, put that on the chedda man,
but in the meantime, it's Jimmy Ivene time,
chase cheese, rhyme till my voice give out,
this is it my nigga, this what we boast about,
Now I'm here so shut your motherfuckin mouth
And show me love bitch..
[CHORUS]
[Obie Trice]
I just wanna love you for the rest of my life, (I dont love you bitch)
I wanna hold you in the morning, (Ha)
hold you through the night (Hahaha)
I just wanna love you for the rest of my life,
(We wanna love alcohol, we wanna love guns,)
I wanna hold you in the morning, (we wanna love money)
hold you through the night.. (Ha) (we don't wanna love bitches though)
[Verse 2]
[Eminem]
There's a certain mystique when I speak,
that you notice that it's sorta unique,
cause you know it's me, my poetry's deep,
and I'm still matic the way I flow to this beat,
you can't sit still, it's like tryin to smoke crack
and go to sleep, I'm strapped,
just knowing any minute I could snap,
I'm the equivalent of what would happen if Bush rapped,
I bully these rappers so bad lyrically,
it ain't even funny, I ain't even hungry,
it ain't even money, you can't pay me enough
for you to play me, it's cockamamie,
you just ain't zany enough to rock with Shady,
my noodle is cockadoodle, my clocks cuckoo,
I got screws loose, yeahhh, the whole kitten-kaboodle,
I'm just brutal. It's no rumor, I'm numero uno, assume it,
there's no humor in it no more, you know
I'm rollin with a swollen bowling ball in my bag,
you need a fag to come and tear a new hole in my ass
you better love me bitch
[CHORUS]
I just wanna love you for the rest of my life,
I wanna hold you in the morning,
hold you through the night
[Obie Trice]
(and all the bitches say)
I just wanna love you for the rest of my life,
I wanna hold you in the morning,
hold you through the night
[Verse 3]
[50 Cent]
my buzz is crazy in the hood, they holla my name,
if it ain't about the flow,
it's about the stones and the chain,
if I was you, I'd love me too,
I roll like a bus, 9-11 pulse same color as cranberry sauce,
I ain't gonna front, I thought R-Kelly was tha shit,
lemme find out he fucking round with bow wow bitch,
niggas eatin popcorn, right, rewinding the tape,
now shorty momma in the precinct hollerin rape,
i'm convinced man something really wrong with these hoes,
I thought Lil' Kim was hot then she start fucking with her nose, (God Damn)
used to listen to Lauren Hill and tap my feet,
then the bitch put out a CD that didn't have no beats, (uh-huh)
that boy D'Angelo he determined not to fail,
that nigga went butt-ass for his record to sell,
my back shot to help Ashanti hit them high notes,
and Big Ben taught Charlie B'Mor to deepthroat
[CHORUS]
I just wanna love you for the rest of my life,
I wanna hold you in the morning, (I luv'a burnish the monies, the bunnies)
hold you through the night(I just wanna hold you
I just wanna love you for the rest of my life,
I wanna hold you in the morning,
(I just wanna love you)
hold you through the night

_____
alright yall i can't freestyle for shit but here goes
i have a mullet
you all call it a fullet
you think i'm a bitch
i'll show you its you i'll ditch
your a faggot ,a maggot
i think i'll call you doggot
your my bro its all kol
but your a fool
steppin' up to me
you have to see
you may be bigger, tougher
but my words are rougher
your a dickhead
you stole the matteress off my bed
lets go,come on
i'll take you
your nothin' just like john
one more thing
FUCK YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!

_____
Warning, this shit's gon be rated R, restricted
You see this bullet hole in my neck? It's self inflicted
Doctor slapped my momma, "Bitch you got a sick kid"
Arrested, molested myself and got convicted
Wearing visors, sunglasses and disguises
Cause my split personality is having an identity crisis
I'm Dr. Hyde and Mr. Jekyll, disrespectful
Hearing voices in my head while these whispers echo
"Murder Murder Redrum"
Brain size of a bread crumb
Which drug will I end up dead from
Inebriated, till my stress is eleviated
"How in the fuck can Eminem and shady be related?"
Illiterate, illigitimate shit spitter
Bitch getter, hid in the bush like Margot Kidder
Jumped out (Ahhhh!) killed the bitch and did her
Use to let the babysitter suck my dick when I was little'er
Smoke a blunt while I'm titty fuckin Bette Midler
Sniper, waiting on your roof like the Fiddler
Y'all thought I was gonna rhyme with Riddler
Didn't Ya?  Bring your bitch I wanna see if this dick gon' fit in her
Chorus: Eminem + (Redman Sample) - 2X
[E] I'm low down and I'm shiftee!
"And if you hear a man that sounds like me smack him
and ask him where the fuck did he get his damn raps from.."
I lace tunes, I'm out this world like Space Moons
With a bunch crazed loons dismissin brains like braze wounds
Nothing but idiots and misfits, dipshits
Doing whippits, passed out like Sanford snippits
Where's the weed, I wanna tamper with it
I'ma let your grandpa hit it
Mix it up with cocaine so her can't forget it
Fuck it, maybe I'm a bum
But I was put on this earth to make your baby mama cum
So what I'm on is way beyond the bomb or any alcoholic beverage
Losing all of my leverage
Went up inside the First National Bank broke, and left rich
Walking bio-hazard causing wreckage
Smoked out like Eckridge
Band just making my neck itch
What the fuck? Gimme the tech bitch
You just lost your tip, there's a pubic hair in my breakfast
Got shit popping off like bottle cap tips
Get your cap peeled like the dead skin of your mama's chapped lips
Slap hips, support domestic violence
Beat your bitches ass while your kids stare in silence
I'm just joking, is Dirty Dozen's really dust smoking?
If all your shit's missing, than probably one of us broke in
Chorus
My head's ringing, like it was Spider Sense tingling
Lit it like Green Bay did when they shitted on New England
I'm out the game, put the second string in
This Brandy got my swinging
Bobbing back and forth like a penguin
Delinquent, toking microphones with Broken English
Make your mama be like "Ohh! This is good! Who sing this?"
"Slim Shady, his tape is dope, I love it
It's rugged, but he needs to quit talking all that drug shit."
It was predicted by a medic
I'd grow to be an addicted diabetic
Living off liquid Triametic
Pathetic, but I don't think this headache's ever vanishing
Panicing, I think I might have just took too much Anasin
Frozen Manaquin, posted stiffer than a statue
I think I'm dying, God is that you?
Somebody help me, before I OD on an LP
Take me to ER ASAP for and IV
Motherfuck JLB, they don't support no hip hop
They say that's where it ends, the closest they gon come is Tupac
It's politics, it's all a fix
Setup by these white blue collared hicks
Just to make a dollar off of black music
With a subliminal ball of tricks
But those can kiss ass and swallow dicks
Chorus

_____
(Eminem)
Damn, why don't u ever go away , huh?
(Hook)
We need to stop this shit
And realize what u spit
It's me and this garbage
Just shake some ass and tits
Don't act like ur sick and i'm gonna respect u
And leave hip hop alone
go promote wack rap
(Eminem)
When i turn on the radio, I get nauseous
annoy your commercial garbage, And make sure i turn it off quick
u make me so sick, It's pointless to even dis
but i do it for the lute and MP3 page hiss
I try to teach kids
but their steady rocking, Eyes bopping heads to Ludacris
swearing that he's nice, Come on he sounds like the newest sensation
to get the party dancing, And bitches asses shakin
making hits faking quick, ? like music
I'll slap u with your own rhyme
o there's your greatest hit
lazy kids with dope beats, And a lot of babbling
in reality you get beat like Eric Estrada battling
but it's not your fault completely
i blame promoters to, hyping up your cd when they got 3 or 4 interludes
companes lute you, Cuz ur making them lute
but when your one hit wares out, They'll drop you for good, your replaceable
(Hook)
Pretend u like Hip Hop, That's a no no!
show your appreciation donate a Volvo
o no, That be to much to ask
actin like Alaskans with that rented ice u flash
I'll come down to your street carrying burners
now your block is hot! hot!
like a heat contained thermos
your nerves now
i see your eyes twitching, doing ? to females
coming out sounding like bitches
retards spiting disses
a bunch of carbon copies
You must of failed the road test, Learning how to write beats
My street, only bumps but it's unreleased
fuck self declared kings of hip hop, There all weak
My rhyme shines brighter then any ice u rock
rhyming in the hook 9 times, ?
lame ducks running on stage with makeup, It's crazy to us
Real Mc's take and get big cuts, Your finished
(Hook)
Stop this shit
And realize what u spit
It's me and this garbage
Just shake some ass and tits
Don't act like ur sick and I'm gonna respect u
And leave hip hop alone
go promote wack rap fool
Stop this shit
And realize what u spit
It's me and this garbage
Just shake some ass and tits
Don't act like ur sick and i'm gonna respect u
And leave hip hop for me
go promote wack rap fool
Stop this shit
And realize what u spit
It's me and this garbage
Just shake some ass and tits
Don't act like ur sick you'll be out of fashion quick
leave hip hop alone , you annoying piece of shit

_____
im like a thug with a little bitta pac influence
ill slap you off that bar stool
there goes another lawsuit
these hand prints all across you
good lodie
wodie you must be gone off that wata bottle
u want what you cant have
ohhh girl thats too damn bad
fucked up worse than my life is
try sid
what the fuck
these lyrics are shit and you know it
second verse it gets worse it gets no better than this
amateurs drink veteran piss
froma dixie cup
if you ever mix me up
or confuse me with a cannibus or a dre with a dupri
well rub it and make you never rap a fucking gig
dre aint having it long as im here playn devils advocate

_____
{eminem}		 123...7:00 party at my friends house	 dr.dre want me to
Sing new tunes and turn the place insideout I said...maby if mr.grady ill let
Me out of detenchion and ill talk my mom out susption while I'm cooking
Pancakes in the kitching at the same time making wishes hoping that they'll come
True cause it's the only thing to do and if they do come true my life	want be
So blue [chours]{dr.dre}when I say make some you say noise make some
(crowd)noise [dr.dre] make some{crowd{noise} [repeat3times]{eminem}every body
Make some noise ...now the party aready is jumping..people left the nextdoors
Neighbors party to come knocking on are door cause the music got more and more
Loud while I chowd sandwitches singing making more noise the party got so wild
The police came while I listing to the negihbor say 2can play at that game the
People at the party were so insane and when the police left I herd dr.dre say
{reapeat chours 7times and on 5th time fade}{dr.dre sings chours}

_____
[Eminem]
You know I just don't get it
Last year I was nobody
This year I'm sellin records
Now everybody wants to come around like I owe em somethin
What the fuck you want from me, ten million dollars
fuck out of here
Chorus One: Eminem
You see I'm, just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
I'm just a regular guy,
I don't know why all the fuss about me (fuss about me)
Nobody ever gave a fuck before,
all they did was doubt me (did was doubt me)
Now everybody wanna run they mouth
and try to take shots at me (take shots at me)
[Eminem]
Yo, you might see me Joggin, you might see me walkin
You might see me walkin a dead rottweiler dog
with it's head chopped off in the park with a spiked collar
hollerin at him cause the son of a bitch won't quit barkin(grrrr, ARF ARF)
Or leanin out a window holdin a cocked shotgun
Drivin up the block in the car they shot 'Puc in
Lookin for Big's killers, dressed in ridiculous
blue and red like I don't see what the big deal is
Double barrel twelve gauge bigger than Chris Wallace
Pissed off, cause Biggie and 'Pac just missed all this
Watchin all these cheap imitations get rich off 'em
and get dollars that shoulda been thier's like they switched wallets
And amidst all this Crist' poppin and wristwatches
I had to sit back and just watch and just get nauseous
and walk around with an empty bottle of Remi Martin
startin shit like some 26-year-old skinny Cartman
I'm anti-Backstreet and Ricky Martin
The instinct to kill N'Sync, don't get me started
These fuckin brats can't sing and Britney's garbage
What's this bitch retarded?  Gimme back my sixteen dollars
All I see is sissies in magazines smiling
Whatever happened to whylin out and bein violent?
Whatever happened to catchin a good-ol' fashioned
passionate ass-whoopin and gettin your shoes coat and your hat tooken?
New Kids on the Block, sucked a lot of dick
Boy and girl groups make me sick
And I can't wait 'til I catch all you faggots in public
I'ma love it.. (hahaha)
Vanilla Ice don't like me (uh-uh)
Said some shit in Vibe to spite me (yup)
Then went and dyed his hair just like me (hehe)
A bunch of little kids wanna swear just like me
and run around screamin,  I don't care, just bite me  (nah nah)
I think I was put here to annoy the world
and destroy your little 4-year-old boy or girl
Plus I was put here to put fear in faggots who spray Faygo Root Beer
and call themselves clowns cause they look queer
Faggot 2Dope and Silent Gay
Claimin Detroit, when y'all live twenty miles away
I;m not a wrestler, I'll knock you fuckin back and the fuck out
Ask 'em about the club they was at when they snuck out
after they ducked out the back when they saw us and punked out(AHHH!)
Ducked down and got paintballs shot at they truck, blaow!
Look at y'all runnin your mouth again
when you ain't seen a fuckin Mile Road, South of 10
And I don't need help, from D-12, to beat up two females
in make-up, who may try to scratch me with Lee Nails
Slim Anus,  you damn right, Slim Anus
I don't get fucked in mine like you two little flaming faggots!
Chorus Two: Eminem
Cause I'm, just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
I'm not a wrestler guy,
I'll knock you out if you talk about me (you talk about me)
Come and see me on the streets alone
if you assholes doubt me (assholes doubt me)
And if you wanna run your mouth
then come take your best shot at me (your best shot at me)
[Eminem]
Is it because you love me that y'all expect so much of me?
You little groupie bitch, get off me, go fuck Puffy
Now because of this blond mop that's on top
and this fucked up head that I've got, I've gone pop? (pop)
The underground just spunned around and did a 360
Now these kids diss me and act like some big sissies
Oh, he just did some shit with Missy,
so now he thinks he's too big to do some shit with MC Get-Bizzy
My fuckin bitch mom's suin for ten million
She must want a dollar for every pill I've been stealin
Shit, where the fuck you think I picked up the habit?
All I had to do was go in her room and lift up her mattress
Which is it bitch, Mrs. Briggs or Ms. Mathers?
It doesn't matter your attourney Fred Gibson's a faggot!
Talkin about I fabricated my past
He's just aggravated I won't ejaculate in his ass (Uhh!)
So tell me, what the hell is a fella to do?
For every million I make, another relative sues
Family fightin and fussin over who wants to invite me to supper
All the sudden, I got 90 Some cousins (Hey it's me!)
A half-brother and sister who never seen me
or even bothered to call me until they saw me on TV
Now everybody's so happy and proud
I'm finally allowed to step foot in my girlfriend's house (Hey!)
And then to top it off, I walked to the news stand
to buy this cheap-ass little magazine with a food stamp
Skipped to the last page, flipped right fast
and what do I see?  A picture of my big white ass
Okay, let me give you motherfuckers some help:
uhh, here - DOUBLE XL, DOUBLE XL
Now your magazine shouldn't have so much troble to sell
Ahh fuck it, I'll even buy a couple myself
Chorus One (2X)

_____
Maxine!! (Phone Rings)
Maxine: Hello
Denaun: Can I speak to Maxine?
Maxine: Yeah this is me what's up?
Denaun: What up?
Maxine: Who dis?
Denaun: Denaun
Maxine: Yeah what's up?
Denaun: What are you doing?
Maxine: Nothing, just laying in bed
Denaun: Huh?
Maxine: Nothing, just laying in bed
Denaun: Why?
Maxine: I don't know, thinking about something freaky to do
Verse 1: Eminem
I know this crack fiend Maxine who needs a vaccine
She tests positive but tells you that her act's clean
Plus she got a sugar daddy
Asking every hooker that he takes in to crook her badly
If you mistook her sadly, on her reputation
You're in jepordation, if you ain't got no preparation
When you step away son, she got her face done
Looking provocative, she'll let you knock it if
You press the issue and get undressed to kiss you
If you match the price, otherwise she won't look at you twice
But when you catch the lice, or get the urgency
To go to the emergency cause it burns to pee
Don't bring your germs to me, cause I ain't trying to hear it
While your fighting you fucking disease trying to clear it  (Maxine!!)
Verse 2: Denaun Porter
Sometimes I wonder, what's your purpose? In life that is
To get with every brother and unveil one of his kids, shit
You living trife, got three kids at home and club hopping every night
You say it's gonna stop but it..  just.. slows.. down
And then speeds back to a regular pace, there is no end to this
Mystery, whatever your reason even is to be
You say you wanna be with me, but how can you say that
When you got niggas hiding in your closet
I refrain from getting angry but you keep on that strangely
Verse 3: 3
I met this girl last week, she was a freak, and she liked me
So I stepped on it and then asked my homies
And chilled on the side and then watched they niggas
Big game over there and take notes, while I get this number
I stepped to her first I cleared my throat and said "Hey Bitch..
Haven't I seen you before?", looked at my nigga
Turned around and got slapped throughout my hands
And said "Oh it's like that?"
She said she just broke up with her nigga and shit
She started crying, and asked me to forgive her and shit
She said her name was Maxine, so I told her I wanted her number
She asked could I give her mine two
Got to the crib and called her up
We got into a good conversation that's when she asked me could I fuck
I said "Maxine check this out,
Give me your address I'll be through and you'll find out"
Got to the crib she let me in
She didn't waste time she grabbed my hand and proceeded to the bedroom
I said "Hold up, and stop proceeding, you rushing things"
What the fuck are you doing?
So I went for my protection, took off my clothes and started flexing
As she went for my midsection
I threw her down as I tore off her shirt
Pulled out my jimmy and I thought about putting in work
Before I hit it she said
"3 don't get mad but there's something that I gotta tell your ass"
I said "What is it, another nigga?  It's ok"
She said "No I forgot to tell you, that I got AIDS"
I got up out
Denaun: Hey, Maxine
Maxine: What
Denaun: You thinking about sucking my dick?
Maxine: Yeah for a small price
Denaun: For a small price? What you mean?
Maxine: You know, money nigga
Denaun: You don't need no damn money,
I can't give you no money anyways, I heard you got some shit.
Maxine: (laughing) What you, what you hear I got?
Denaun: AIDS
Maxine: (laughing) Who told you that bullshit?
Denaun: My nigga Kyu, he wouldn't lie
Maxine: Well if that's the case, Kyu got it then
Denaun: Oh for real, it's like that?
Maxine: (laughing) Well I ain't got shit,
so he ain't got shit, and if he do, he ain't get that shit from me,
I ain't fucking around with no 3rd nigga
Denaun: Fuck that, I ain't fucking with you
Maxine: No, see..
Denaun: You got that shit, I ain't gotta fuck with you
Maxine: Hold on, why it ain't even like that
Denaun: I want ya'll to get paid, fucking..
Maxine: (laughing as the phone hangs up)

_____
In the pit of my stomach, it feels shallow
My heart beats faster
My body becomes weak
My arms shake
My fingers feel icy
My lips are dry
My eyes are holding back tears
My head is tingling
My toes curl
My knees shake
My body feels pale
and I can barely breath
I'm begining to think its called love
Its such a wonderful feeling, but its always followed by pain.
I feel this for you garion, and you'll never feel this for me.
In fact, you pretty much hate me.
I don't know how to live with that.
I don't even know how to talk to you.
Would you like me to just pretend I don't know you?
Perhaps it would make you happy
I shouldn't have to try, if you hate me, you hate me.
Theres nothing I can do.
I'm helpless and alone

_____
This song lyrics are not displayed due to the claim of copyright holder
_____
[Girl voice]
[Intro: Eminem (Fergie)]
Yeah
I know sometimes things may not always make sense to you right now
But hey, what daddy always tell you? (daddy's here, here to hold you)
Straighten up little soldier (through the night, through the night...)
Stiffen up that upper lip (through the night...)
What you crying about?
You got me...
[Verse 1: Eminem]
Hailie I know you miss your mom and I know you miss your dad
When I'm gone but I'm trying to give you the life that I never had
I can see you're sad, even when you smile, even when you laugh
I can see it in your eyes, deep inside you want to cry
Cuz you're scared, I ain't there?
Daddy's with you in your prayers
No more crying, wipe them tears
Daddy's here, no more nightmares
We gon' pull together through it, we gon' do it
Laney uncles crazy, aint he?
Yeah but he loves you girl and you better know it
We're all we got in this world
When it spins, when it swirls
When it whirls, when it twirls
Two little beautiful girls
Lookin' puzzled, in a daze
I know it's confusing you
Daddy's always on the move, mamma's always on the news
I try to keep you sheltered from it but somehow it seems
The harder that I try to do that, the more it backfires on me
All the things growing up his daddy that he had to see
Daddy don't want you to see but you see just as much as he did
We did not plan it to be this way, your mother and me
But things have gotten so bad between us
I don't see us ever being together ever again
Like we used to be when we was teenagers
But then of course everything always happens for a reason
I guess it was never meant to be
But it's just something we have no control over and that's what destiny is
But no more worries, rest your head and go to sleep
Maybe one day we'll wake up and this will all just be a dream
[Chorus: Fergie]
Now hush little baby, don't, don't you cry
Everything, everything's gonna be alright
Now hush little baby, don't, don't you cry
Everything, everything's gonna be alright
[Verse 2: Eminem]
It's funny
I remember back one year when daddy had no money
Mommy wrapped the Christmas presents up
And stuck 'em under the tree and said some of 'em were from me
Cuz daddy couldn't buy 'em
I'll never forget that Christmas I sat up the whole night crying
Cuz daddy felt like a bum, see daddy had a job
But his job was to keep the food on the table for you and mom
And at the time every house that we lived in
Either kept getting broke into and robbed
Or shot up on the block and your mom was saving money for you in a jar
Tryna start a piggy bank for you so you could go to college
Almost had a thousand dollars till someone broke in and stole it
And I know it hurt so bad it broke your momma's heart
And it seemed like everything was just startin' to fall apart
Mom and dad was arguin' a lot so momma moved back
On the Chalmers in the flat one bedroom apartment
And dad moved back to the other side of 8 Mile on Novara
And that's when daddy went to California with his CD and met Dr. Dre
And flew you and momma out to see me
But daddy had to work, you and momma had to leave me
Then you started seeing daddy on the T.V. and momma didn't like it
And you and Laney were to young to understand it
Papa was a rollin' stone, momma developed a habit
And it all happened too fast for either one of us to grab it
I'm just sorry you were there and had to witness it first hand
Cuz all I ever wanted to do was just make you proud
Now I'm sittin in this empty house, just reminiscing
Lookin' at your baby pictures, it just trips me out
To see how much you both have grown, it's almost like you're sisters now
Wow, guess you pretty much are and daddy's still here
Laney I'm talkin' to you too, daddy's still here
I like the sound of that, yeah
It's got a ring to it don't it?
Shh, momma's only gone for the moment
[Chorus x2: Fergie]

_____
Intro: Frogg
Whoah!
A get your hands in the air, and get to clappin 'em
and like, back and forth because ah
this is.. what you thought it wasn't
It beez.. the brothers representin' the Dirty Dozen
I be the F-R-O the double G *coughing in background*
And check out the man he goes by the name of er...
Verse One: Eminem
Slim Shady, brain dead like Jim Brady
I'm a M80, you Lil' like that Kim lady
I'm buzzin, Dirty Dozen, naughty rotten rhymer
Cursin at you players worse than Marty Schottenheimer
You wacker than the motherfucker you bit your style from
You ain't gonna sell two copies if you press a double album
Admit it, fuck it, while we comin out in the open
I'm doin acid, crack, smack, coke and smokin dope then
My name is Marshall Mathers, I'm an alcoholic (Hi Marshall)
I have a disease and they don't know what to call it
Better hide your wallet cause I'm comin up quick to strip your cash
Bought a ticket to your concert just to come and whip your ass
Bitch, I'm comin out swingin, so fast it'll make your eyes spin
You gettin knocked the fuck out like Mike Tyson
The +Proof+ is in the puddin, just ask the Deshaun Holton
I'll slit your motherfuckin throat worse than Ron Goldman
Chorus:
So when you see me on your block with two glocks
Screamin _Fuck the World_ like Tupac
I just don't give a fuuuuuck!!
Talkin that shit behind my back, dirty mackin
tellin your boys that I'm on crack
I just don't give a fuuuuuck!!
So put my tape back on the rack
Go run and tell your friends my shit is wack
I just don't give a fuuuuuck!!
But see me on the street and duck
Cause you gon' get stuck, stoned, and snuffed
Cause I just don't give a fuuuuuck!!
Verse Two: Eminem
I'm Nicer than Pete, but I'm on a Serch to crush a Miilkbone
I'm Everlast-ing, I melt Vanilla Ice like silicone
I'm ill enough to just straight up diss you for no reason
I'm colder than snow season when it's twenty below freezin
Flavor with no seasonin, this is the sneak preview
I'll diss your magazine and still won't get a weak review
I'll make your freak leave you, smell the Folgers crystals
This is a lyrical combat, gentlemen hold your pistols
But I form like Voltron and blast you with my shoulder missiles
Slim Shady, Eminem was the old initials (Bye-bye!)
Extortion, snortin, supportin abortion
Pathological liar, blowin shit out of proportion
The looniest, zaniest, spontaneous, sporadic
Impulsive thinker, compulsive drinker, addict
Half animal, half man
Dumpin your dead body inside of a fuckin trash can
With more holes than an Afghan
Chorus
Verse Three: Eminem
Somebody let me out this limousine (hey, let me out!)
I'm a caged demon, on stage screamin like Rage Against the Machine
I'm convinced I'm a fiend, shootin up while this record is spinnin
Clinically brain dead, I don't need a second opinion
Fuck droppin the jewel, I'm flippin the sacred treasure
I'll bite your motherfuckin style, just to make it fresher
I can't take the pressure, I'm sick of bitches
Sick of naggin bosses bitchin while I'm washin dishes
In school I never said much, too busy havin a headrush
Doin too much rush had my face flushed like red blush
Then I went to Jim Beam, that's when my face grayed
Went to gym in eighth grade, raped the women's swim team
Don't take me for a joke I'm no comedian
Too many mental problems got me snortin coke and smokin weed again
I'm goin up over the curb, drivin on the median
Finally made it home, but I don't got the key to get in
Chorus
Outro: Eminem
Hey, fuck that!
Outsidaz..
Pace One..
Young Zee..

_____
[intro]
[laughing]
ay yo 50
what i tell you
we aint even have to say shit
they did it
[laughing]
[chorus]
monkey see monkey do
dont ever make the first move
just let em' come to you
cause they always gunna see and do what the other one do
so let em' come to you
the rest of us follow suit
monkey see monkey do
tweedle-de-tweedle-dum
if they really want it bad enough well then they gunna come
now here they come as we expected now we just set em' up
check-mate motherfucker
games over
we won
tweedle-de-tweedle-dum
[body]
it doesnt take much
for me to raise such a stink up
when motherfuckers hate your guts
you aint even gotta say much
for me to put a pen to a blank sheet of papers
like smearing blood stains with a paint brush
i cant explain what it is my brain does
but however it works its insane
its plain nutz
and it aint just my brain thas dangerous
its a whole combination of things
it takes nutz
and im not affriad to raise the stakes up
i got a million bucks in the banks and 8 trucks
for anybody who gets on the track and spanks us
im patiently waiting for the day
im anxious
to see the look on ya fake mugs
when you thugs go bankrupt
ya drunk
ya aint tough
whatever you drank musta just turned ya into some gangstas
this is me talking motherfucker
this aint drugs
you wanna pop, shit wake-up, then make-up
FUCK THAT
its too late chump now face up
i pray for the day that someone who spits with the calliber that nas and jay does
opens up his jaw to say something or rattle my name off
or rattle the first thing from the top of his brain off
so i can blow the fuckin dust off of this chainsaw
and give him the surgery that he came for
till i pull the paint off
i never been shot
but i think me and 50 musta been cut from the same cloth
cause ive always came off
like ja's chain
when they try to rush him and lost
and came back and gave him a watch in exchange for it
i dont stop
the only thing i wait for
is day that i dont gotta report to probate court
cause ima give ya all the reason to hate more
cause ive been holding my tounge till i got a sprained jaw
alot of rappers on my list that just aint ja
and ima read that motherfucker off from april
you pussies think i went soft since 8 mile
when i come back ill be shootin more than just paint balls
trust me
[chorus]
monkey see monkey do
dont ever make the first move
just let em' come to you
cause they always gunna see and do what the other one do
so let em' come to you
the rest of us follow suit
monkey see monkey do
tweedle-de-tweedle-dum
if they really want it bad enough well then they gunna come
now here they come as we expected now we just set em' up
check-mate motherfucker
games over
we won
tweedle-de-tweedle-dum
[outro]
fuckin dummies
this aint chess
ya playin motherfuckin checkers
this shit is all day man its too easy
we playin chess you playin checkers
you bout to get ya motherfuckin asses jumped
fucking punks
and by the way
we aint just talking to one person
we talking to every-motherfucking-body who wants to bring it cause we bringin it to anybody who wants to bring it
so bring it
dot pick up the ball if you dot wanna pay man
its all fucked up now
the fuck im spose to do now?
huh?
the fuck im spose to do?
haha
yo, we out

_____
qyan dan yan
ride on my scooter.
eat my shit, im down like a bunter
suck my stick it will make you feel better
after your done readin my letters
(choras)
do do shaw lady oh so
me qua don do me quo
i wish i could stare ou sa windo
mo to shi sha bla bla bla
me keep shingin chinease rap
to my friend bo bo the majic cat
he likes cheese as so do i
but i shoot catty into  sky! (me shi yah!!! OOOOH! MEAOOOOW!)
me got no friends
im shitty rapper
but no im poplar
i got a birdy named flapper
flap flap fla do do do
ring tang schong sochi o
mosi yo quan de as so
thats he chinease heritge
(choras)
do do shaw lady oh so
me qua don do me quo
i wish i could stare ou sa windo
mo to shi sha bla bla bla
and please dont eat my cheese
OH NO!
and please dont eat my cheese
FUCK HEAD!
and please dont eat my cheese
OH NO I GOT TURD IN MY MOUTH
OOH! GROSS
GET IT OFF MY TOUNG!

_____
I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America
And to the Republic for which it stands
One nation under God
Indivisible...
It feels so good to be back..
I scrutinize every word, memorize every line
I spit it once, refuel and re-energize and rewind
I give sight to the blind, my insight through the mind
I exercise my right to express when I feel it's time
It's just all in your mind, what you interpret it as
I say to fight, you take it as I'mma whip someone's ass
If you don't understand, don't even bother to ask
A father who has grown up with a fatherless past
Who has blown up now to rap phenomenon that has
Or at least shows no difficulty multi-task
And in juggling both perhaps mastered his craft
Slash entrepreneur who has held onto few more rap acts
Who's had a few obstacles thrown his way through the last half
Of his career typical manure moving past that
Mr. kisses ass crack, he's a class act
Rubber band man, yea he just snaps back
[Chorus:]
Come along follow me as I lead through the darkness
As I provide just enough spark that we need to proceed
Carry on, give me hope, give me strength
Come with me and I won't steer you wrong
Put your faith and your trust as I guide us through the fog
To the light at the end of the tunnel
We gonna fight, we gonna charge, we gonna stomp, we gonna march
Through the swamp, we gonna mosh through the marsh
Take us right through the doors (c'mon)
All the people up top on the side and the middle
Come together lets all bomb and swamp just a little
Just let it gradually build from the front to the back
All you can see is a sea of people some white and some black
Don't matter what color, all that matters we gathered together
To celebrate for the same cause don't matter the weather
If it rains let it rain, yea the wetter the better
They ain't gonna stop us they can't, we stronger now more than ever
They tell us no we say yea, they tell us stop we say go
Rebel with a rebel yell, raise hell we gonna let em know
Stomp, push, shove, mush, Fuck Bush, until they bring our troops home (c'mon)
[Chorus]
Imagine it pouring, it's raining down on us
Mosh pits outside the oval office
Someone's tryina tell us something,
Maybe this is god just sayin' we're responsible
For this monster, this coward,
That we have empowered
This is Bin Laden, look at his head noddin'
How could we allow something like this without pumping our fists
Now this is our final hour
Let me be the voice in your strength and your choice
Let me simplify the rhyme just to amplify the noise
Try to amplify the times it, and multiply by six...
Teen million people, Are equal at this high pitch
Maybe we can reach alqueda through my speech
Let the president answer a higher anarchy
Strap him with an Ak-47, let him go, fight his own war
Let him impress daddy that way
No more blood for oil, we got our own battles to fight on our own soil
No more psychological warfare, to trick us to thinking that we ain't loyal
If we don't serve our own country, we're patronizing a hero
Look in his eyes its all lies
The stars and stripes, they've been swiped, washed out and wiped
And replaced with his own face, Mosh now or die
If I get sniped tonight you know why,
Cause I told you to fight.
[Chorus]
And as we proceed,
To Mosh through this desert storm,
In these closing statements, if they should argue
Let us beg to differ
As we set aside our differences
And assemble our own army
To disarm this Weapon of Mass Destruction
That we call our President, for the present
And Mosh for the future of our next generation
To speak and be heard
Mr. President, Mr. Senator
Do you guy's hear us...hear us...[laughing] (Hailie)

_____
Mother, mother hows the family
I'm just calling to say hello
Hows the weather, how my father
Am I lonely, heavens no
Mother, mother are you listening
Just a phone call to ease you mind
Life is perfect, never better
Distant making the heart go blind
When you sent me off to see the world
Were you scared that I might get hurt
Would I try a little tobacco
Would I keep on hiking up my skirt
I'm hungry,
I'm dirty,
I'm losing my mind
EVERYTHINGS FINE!
I'm freezing,
I'm starving,
I'm bleeding to death
EVERYTHINGS FINE!
Ya I'm working, making money
I'm just starting to build a name
I can feel it around the corner
I could make it any day
Mother, mother can you hear me
Sure I'm sober
Sure I'm sane
Life is perfect never better
Still your daughter, still the same
If I tell you what you want to hear
Will it help you to sleep well at night
Are you sure that I'm your perfect dear
Now just cuddle up and sleep tight
I'm hungry,
I'm dirty,
I'm losing my mind
EVERYTHINGS FINE!
I'm freezing,
I'm starving,
I'm bleeding to death
EVERYTHINGS FINE!
I miss you,
I love you.

_____
Chorus: Eminem (repeat 4X)
It's murder she wrote (it's murder she wrote)
It wasn't nuttin for her to be smoked (for her to be smoked)
[Eminem]
Left the keys in the van, with a gat in each hand
Went up in Eastland and shot a policeman
Fuck a peace plan, if a citizen bystands
the shit is in my hands, here's yo' lifespan
And for what yo' life's worth, this money is twice than
Grab a couple grand and lamp in Iceland
See I'm a nice man but money turned me to Satan
I'm thirsty for this green so bad I'm dehydratin
Hurry up with the cash bitch, I got a ride waitin
Shot a man twice in the back when he tried skatin
I want the whole pie, I won't be denied nathan
Maybe I need my head inside straightened
Brain contemplatin, clean out the register
Dip before somebody catches ya
or gets your description and sketches ya
The connection was the prime suspect
But I ain't set to flee the scene of the crime just yet
Cause I got a daughter to feed
And $200 ain't enough to water the seed
The best thing would be for me to leave Taco Bell and hit up Chess King
And have the lady at the desk bring
money from the safe in the back, stepped in wavin the Mac
Cooperate, and we can operate, and save an attack
This bitch tried escapin the jack
Grabbed her by the throat, it's murder she wrote
You barely heard a word as she choked
It wasn't nuttin for her to be smoked
But I slammed her on her back til her vertebrae broke
Just then the pigs bust in yellin "Freeze"
But I'm already wanted for sellin ki's
And bunch of other felonies from A to Z like spellin bees
So before I dropped to the ground and fell on knees
I bust shots, they bust back
Hit be square in the chest, wasn't wearin a vest
Left the house, pullin out the drive backin out
Blew the back end out this lady's Jag, started blackin out
Pulled the Mac-10 out, stuck it in her face
Shut your yackin mouth, 'fore I blow the brain from out the back ya scalp
Drug her by her hair, smacked her up
Thinkin fuck it, mug her while you're there, jacked her up
Stole her car, made a profit
Grabbed the tape from out the deck and offed it out the window
Like the girl in "Set It Off" did
Jetted off kid, stole the whip, now I'm a criminal
Drove it through somebody's yard, dove into they swimmin pool
Climbed out and collapsed on the patio
I made it out alive but I'm injured badly though
Parents screamin: "Son, go in and call the police
Tell em there's a crazy man disturbing all of the peace!"
Tried to stall him at least long enough to let me leap up
Run in they crib and at least leave with some little cheap stuff
Actin like they never seen nobody hit a ;ick before
Smashed the window, grabbed the Nintendo 64
When they sell out in stores the price triples
I ran up the block jumpin kids on tricycles
and collided with an 80-year old lady with groceries
There goes cheese, eggs, milk and Post Toasties
Stood up and started to see stars
Too many siren sounds, it seemed like a thousand police cars
Barely escaped, must-a been some dumb luck
Jumped up and climbed the back of a movin dump truck
But I think somebody seen me maybe
Plus I lost the damn Nintendo and I musta dropped the Beanie Baby
Fuck it I give up, I'm surrounded in blue suits
Came out with a white flag hollerin "TRUCE TRUCE"
and surrendered my weapon to cops
Wasn't me!  It was the gangster rap and the peppermint Schnapps
Chorus
Chorus (repeats again to fade)

_____
[G] Eminem as Susan (the girl)
[D] Eminem as Dave
[J] Eminem as John
[R] Eminem as Ron
Chorus: repeat 2X {Eminem singing}
I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
Now you sitting in the corner crying
And now it's my fault my fault
[Eminem]
I went to John's rave with Ron and Dave
And met a new wave blonde babe with half of her head shaved
A nurse aid who came to get laid and tied up
with first aid tape and raped on the first date
Susan -- an ex-heroin addict who just stopped usin
who love booze and alternative music (Whattup?)
Told me she was goin back into usin again (Nah!)
I said, "Wait, first try this hallucinogen
It's better than heroin, Henn, the booze or the gin
C'mere, let's go in here" *knocks on the door*
"Who's in the den?"
[R] "It's me and Kelly!"
"My bad, (sorry) let's try another room"
[G] I don't trust you!
"Shut up slut! Chew up this mushroom
This'll help you get in touch with your roots
We'll get barefoot, buttnaked, and run in the woods
[G] Oh hell, I might as well try em, this party is so drab
"Oh dag!!"
[G] What?
"I ain't mean for you to eat the whole bag!"
[G] Huh?!
Chorus: 1st repeat Em says "I'm sorry!" at the end
2nd repeat same as original Chorus
"Yo Sue!"
[G] Get away from me, I don't know you
Oh shoot, she's tripping..
[G] I need to go puke!! (Bleahh!)
I wasn't tryin to turn this into somethin major
I just wanted to make you appreciate nature
Susan, stop cryin, I don't hate ya
The world's not against you, I'm sorry your father raped you
So what you had your little coochie in your dad's mouth?
That ain't no reason to start wiggin and spaz out
She said,
[G] Help me I think I'm havin a seisure!
I said, "I'm high too bitch, quit grabbin my t-shirt" (Let go!)
"Would you calm down you're startin to scare me"
She said,
[G] I'm twenty-six years old and I'm not married
I don't even have any kids and I can't cook
(Hello!) I'm over here Sue, (hi) you're talkin to the plant, look!
We need to get to a hospital 'fore it's too late
Cause I never seen no-one eat as many shrooms as you ate
Chorus: 1st repeat Em says "Whoops!" after first line
and "It was an accident!" at the end
2nd repeat same as original Chorus
Susan (wait!) Where you goin' You better be careful
[G] Leave me alone dad, I'm sick of gettin my hair pulled
I'm not your dad, quit tryin to swallow your tongue
Want some gum? Put down the scissors, 'fore you do somethin dumb
I'll be right back just chill baby please?
I gotta go find Dave he's the one who gave me these
"John, where's Dave at before I bash you?"
[J] He's in the bathroom; I think he's takin a crap dude!
"Dave! Pull up your pants, we need an ambulance
There's a girl upstairs talkin to plants
choppin her hair off, and there's only two days left
of Spring Break, how long do these things take to wear off?"
[D] Well it depends on how may you had
"I took three, she ate the other twenty-two caps
Now she's upstairs cryin out her eyeballs, drinkin Lysol"
[D] She's gonna die dude
"I know and it's my fault!"
[D] My god!!!
Chorus: 1st repeat Em says "I'm sorry!" after second line
and "What do I do?" at the end
2nd repeat same as original Chorus
My God, I'm so sorry!
I'm so sorry! Susan please wake up!
Please! Please wake up!! What are you doing?!
You're not dead!! You're NOT dead!
I know you're not dead! Oh my God!
Susan wake up! Oh God...

_____
Ohh!
Yeah!
So much for first single on this one
[Verse 1]
Shady's the lable
Aftermath is the stable
That the horses come out erra
Of course we're about to stir up
Some shit thick as ms. Butterworths syrup
It's the mr. picked on Christopher Reeves
Just for no reason other than the just to tease him
Cause he was as big as ?? He used to be Superman
Now we're pourin liquor on the crib in his name for him
Eminem you wait till' we meet up again
Fucker I'm kickin your ass for everything you've ever said
It's one for the money two for the fuckin show
Ready get set, let's go
Here comes the buckin' bronco stompin and stampedin up the damn street
Like them buffalo soldiers, I told ya I'm bout' to blow
So look out below, geronimo, motherfuckers is dominos
I'm on a roll, around and around I go
When will I stop? I don't know
Tryna pick up where the Eminem Show left off
But I know anything's possible
Though I'm not gonna top what I sold
I'm at the top of my game
That shit is not gonna change
Long as I got Dr. Dre on my team
I'll get away with murder
I'm Michael J. he's like my Cochran today
We keep the mark furman  tapes
In a safe, locked them away
Better watch what you say
Just when you thought you were safe
Them fuckers got you on tape
You swear to god you was playin
Whether or not you was little Joshua
Gosh I wish I coulda told you to not do the same
Cause one day it could cost you your name
[chorus]
And this was supposed to be my first single
But I just fucked that up so,
Fuck it, let's all have fun let's mingle
Slap a bitch and smack a ho
This was supposed to be my catchy little jingle
That you hear on your radio
But shit's about to hit the shingle
Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh No
erra Oh Ah
erra Oh Ah
erra Oh Ah
erra Oh Oh Ah Ah
Oh Ah Oh Ah
Oh Ah Oh Ah
Poo Poo Ca Ca
[Verse 2]
Erra Erra Eric swallowed some generic sleeping pills
And woke up in bed next to his best friend Derick bare naked
chicka chicka chicka ..
Janine just turned 16 and used a fake id
To sneak in V.I.P. to see R. Kelly
Hehehehehe, to be so young and naive
Oh what I wouldn't give to live so Kim and care free
Paris and Nikki's parents must be so tickled to cherish
Every picture with their kids with hickeys all over their necks
Hickory Dickory derr digga
Look at me work wizardry with these words
Am I a jerk or just jerk chicken
Or Chicka chicka chicka chicka jer jer jerkin the chain
22 jerks in a jerk circle
Or is it a circle jerk or wait a minute
What am I sayin, allow me to run it back and rewind it
rrrbb lemme ask you again
Am I just jerkin the chain
Am I bizerk or insane
Or am I just one of them damn amateurs
Workin the damn camera filmin one of them
Paris Hilton home made pornos
Who keeps tiltin the lens at an angle
Chicka Chicka
Just recently somebody just discovered
Britney and Justin videotapes of them fuckin
When they were just mouseketeers in the Mickey Mouse club
And dusted them and went straight to The Source with them
Cause they coulda sworn someone said Nuh-
And then tried to erase and record over it
But if you listen close enough to it you can hear the
Uh Uh and then they come-to-find-out-it-was-Justin
Sayin 'I'm gonna cum!'
And this was Su-
[chorus]
-Posed to be my first single
But I just fucked that up so,
Fuck it, let's all have fun let's mingle
Slap a bitch and smack a ho
This was supposed to be my catchy little jingle
That you hear on your radio
But shit's about to hit the shingle
Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh No
erra Oh Ah
erra Oh Ah
erra Oh Ah
erra Oh Oh Ah Ah
Oh Ah Oh Ah
Oh Ah Oh Ah
Poo Poo Ca Ca
[Verse 3]
Any opinions or somethin you just wanna get off your chest
And address it about my lyrics I'd love to hear it
All you gotta do is pick up the phone and just dial up this number
It's 1-800-I'm a dick sucker I love to suck a dick
And if someone picks up you can talk all the shit you want about me
Just type in your number back and follow it by the pound key
And I'll be sure to get back
As soon as there comes a day that I fall off with Dre
Wake up gay, make up with Ray (Hey!)
So fuck a chicken, lick a chicken, suck a chicken,
Beat a chicken, eat a chicken like it's a big cock(?) bawka-bi-kaw
Or suck a dick, and lick a dick and eat a dick
And stick a dick in your mouth
I'm done you can fuck off
fucka-fucka-fuck offf!
[chorus]
And this was supposed to be my first single
But I just fucked that up so,
Fuck it, let's all have fun let's mingle
Slap a bitch and smack a ho
This was supposed to be my catchy little jingle
That you hear on your radio
But shit's about to hit the shingle
Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh No
erra Oh Ah
erra Oh Ah
erra Oh Ah
erra Oh Oh Ah Ah
Oh Ah Oh Ah
Oh Ah Oh Ah
Poo Poo Ca Ca

_____
[Intro:]
[Tuning TV]
[Eminem Snortin Crack]
[TV Presenter:]
Hello boys and girls
Today we're gonna talk about father and daughter relationships
Do you have a daddy?
I'll bet you do
[Door opens]
who's your daddy?
[Hailie:]
Daddy, what're you doing?
[Beat starts]
[Eminem:]
Haha
[Eminem & Hailie:]
Ok then! everybody, listen up!
[Eminem:]
I'm goin to hell, who's comin' with me?
[Hailie:]
Somebody, please help him!
[giggle]
i think my dad gone crazy!
[Verse #1:]
There's no mountain i can't climb
There's no tower too high,
No plane that i can't learn how to fly
What do i gotta do to get through to you, to show you
There ain't nothing i can't take this chainsaw to
[Hailey Makes Chainsaw Sound]
Fuckin' brain's brawn, and brass balls
I cut 'em off, i got 'em pickled and bronzed in a glass jar
Inside of a hall, with my framed autographed,
Sunglasses with elton john's name, on my drag wall
I'm out the closet, i been lying my ass off
All this time, me and dre been fucking with hats off
[Dr Dre:]
Suck it marshall
[Eminem:]
So tell Laura and her husband to back off
Before i push this motherfucking button and blast off
And launch one of these russians, and blast off
[Hailie Makes Explosion Sound]
Blow every fucking thing, except afghanistan on the map, off
When will it stop? When will I knock the crap off?
[Knocking]
Hailie, tell 'em baby
[Hailie:]
My dad's lost it
[Chorus:]
[Eminem:]
There's really nothin' else to say I, I can't explain it
[Hailie:]
I think my dad gone crazy!
[Eminem:]
A little help from Hailie Jade won't you tell em' baby
[Hailie:]
I think my dad gone crazy!
[Eminem:]
Theres nothin' you could do or say that could ever change me
[Hailie:]
I think my dad gone crazy!
[Eminem:]
There's no one on earth that can save me, not even halie
[Hailie:]
I think my dad gone crazy!
[Verse 2:]
It's like my mother always told me
[Eminem Impersinates His Mom]
Rana Rana Rana Rana Rana Rana Rana Rana Rana Rana,
and codeine and goddamit, you little motherfucker
If you aint got nothin' nice to say then don't say nothin'
uh..
Fuck that shit, bitch, eat a motherfuckin' dick
Chew on a prick, and lick a million motherfuckin' cocks per second
I'd rather put out a motherfucking gospel record
I'd rather be a pussy-whipped bitch, eat pussy
And have pussy-lips glued to my face with a clit-ring in my nose
Then quit bringin my flows, quit giving me my ammo
Can't you see why i'm so mean? if y'all leave me alone, this wouldn't be my
m.o.
I wouldn't have to go eenie meenie minie mo
Catch a homo by his toe, man i don't know no more
Am i the only fuckin one who's normal any more?
[Hailie:]
Dad
[Chorus]
[Verse #3:]
My songs can make you cry, take you by surprise
And at the same time, make you dry your eyes with the same rhyme
See what you're seeing is a genius at work
Which to me isn't work, so it's easy to misinterpret it at first,
Cuz when i speak, it's tongue in cheek
I'd yank my fuckin teeth before id ever bite my tongue
I'd slice my gums, get struck by fuckin' lightning twice at once
And die and come back as vanilla ice's son
And walk around the rest of my life spit on
And kicked and hit with shit, every time i sung
Like R Kelly as soon as "bump n' grind" comes on
More pain inside of my brain, than the eyes of a little girl inside of a
plane
Aimed at the World Trade, standin' on Ronnie's grave,
Screaming at the sky, till clouds gather as Clyde Mathers and Bonnie Jade
And thats pretty much the gist of it,Parents are pissed, but the kids love
it
Nine millimeter, heater stashed, in two-seaters with meat cleavers
I don't blame you, i wouldn't let hailie listen to me neither
[Chorus]
[Outro:]
[Eminem:]
Crazy
[Hailie:]
ha ha
You're funny daddy!

_____
Well my daddy died
I know he wasn't perfect
'cause he made my mamma cry
But my daddy died and I feel bad inside
I got a week off work called
compassionate leave
But when I got back was not
expected to grieve
Still my daddy died and my heart feels broken inside
He used to say don't you worry
'bout that
Cause I'm worried enough for the
both of us
And then he'd smile
He said just remember what you are
A Mariani with your head held high
You can set your mind to just anything
And don't you let troubles get
in your wing
Cause you're my joy and pride
Like a little bird who could fly so high
Now the big bird's died
And me and my mamma we sit and cry
My daddy died...

_____
If I woulda rap about the crap that's out
That's the route you probably want me to take
Cause you're just dyin' to know what I think
And my take on some other rappers
If I was to say something about Paul Wall, you'd probably crap in your
Pants, cause I'm white, and he's white, so he's like
My competition I mean, right?
Nope, Paul Wall is dope
And so's Bubba, so BLALALALAPFFTTTTT
B-b-b-b-b-but, I don't compete with nobody
I just go hard, do the rope-a-dope Ali
Shuffle, and dance around my opponents, do donuts
Sometime's I just play possom, Like I'm asleep that's awesome
I'm like a sleeping Giant, and when I awake I'm like Dre
I just jump from outta nowhere and bite Prey
Sink my teeth in him and fill him, full of poison
And make a noise like snake before I kill him
And let him know that I just don't feel him
And smack him with the backward E, the Eminem emblem
Always thought if you was gonna murder somebody you should face em
Tell em why, look them dead in the eye, then waste em
And the dark shall emerge from the fiery depths of hell
And swallow the shell of the hollow who dwell
And the shadows of all who are willing to sell
Their souls, for this rap game, and it g-g-goes
123, 123, 123, that ain't the hook, now follow me
There's nothing else for me to say, my public adores me
Everybody bores me, they're just so corny
So at night before I sleep, I look in the mirror
The mirror grows lips and it whispers "Come nearer"
Chorus
My Darling, I don't ever want you to leave me
My Darling, you and me were meant to be together
My Darling, And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my
My Darling, cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body
I don't ever want you to leave me
My Darling, you and me were meant to be together
My Darling, And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my
My Darling, cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body
"Shady, I know you're in there, so where? Come here
Talk to me, sit here, pull up a chair
Why don't you cut your hair? Hahahahaha
Dye it back, come on, try it" AHHHHHHHHH
No, I told you, leave me the fuck alone will you?
"But I'm here to rebuild you", But I already killed you!
"But Shady, we were meant for eachother
Think about your mother", yeah so what of her?
"Well think about what she did to you and your little brother
All them foster homes...", fuck you motherfucker!
I had you beat "No I was playin' possom, remember?
I let you watch your little girls blossom
I gave you enough time, your souls mine
I'm taking it back", you fucking bitch WHY!
"Because I love you, look a little closer
Isn't that us on that poster? haha"
Chorus
My Darling, I don't ever want you to leave me
My Darling, you and me were meant to be together
My Darling, and if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my
My Darling, cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body
I don't ever want you to leave me
My Darling, you and me were meant to be together
My Darling, and if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my
My Darling, cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body
"Shady, listen... "SHADY!", you hear that?
They're screaming for you, I can bring your career back"
But I don't want it back! "Yes you do..."
No I don't! "Yes you do, you're gonna regret it later!"
No I won't! "I'ma get Dre on the phone, I'll just call the doctor"
Go ahead, I already talked to, Dre yesterday
"Well I got him on the phone right now!"
You're lying, "yo slim", HOW, WHY NOW!
Whatup Dre? "Check this out Slim, I gotta talk to ya
I don't know, it just seems every since you got off ya
Drugs, you became a lot softer"
But Dre, all Shady is is a bottle of hair bleach and vodka
"Well, just think about it Slim, I'm here
Just hit me back, and let me know what's up"
Fuck this mirror! AHHHHHHH
"I'm not in the mirror, I'm inside you, let me guide you"
Fuck you, die you son of a bitch
"Put the gun down", BYE BYE!
Ok I'm still alive, "So am I too!
You can't kill a spirit, even if you tried to
Haha, you sold your soul to me, need I remind you?
You remember that night you, prayed to god
You'd give anything to get a record deal, well Dre signed you
This is what you wanted your whole life Marshall, right through
Look at this house, look at these cars, I'm so nice, wooo!
Oh, but you didn't know, fame has a price too
That you're just now seeing the downside to
Lose your best friend from highschool, your wife too
Ain't even sure if your kids like you
Come off tour, can't even sleep at night without Nyquill
Become a valium addict, start a rehab cycle
But together we can break the cycle
Marshall..." WHAT! "no one's gonna love you like I do!"
Chorus
My Darling, I don't ever want you to leave me
My Darling, you and me were meant to be together
My Darling, and if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my
My Darling, cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body
I don't ever want you to leave me
My Darling, you and me were meant to be together
My Darling, and if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my
My Darling, cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body
I said, I don't ever want you to leave me
My Darling, you and me were meant to be together
My Darling, and if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my
My Darling, cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body

_____
* Eminem does the voices of all characters in the song *
[G] Eminem as Susan (the girl)
[D] Eminem as Dave
[J] Eminem as John
[R] Eminem as Ron
Chorus: repeat 2X {Eminem singing}
I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
Now you sitting in the corner crying
And now it's my fault my fault
[Eminem]
I went to John's rave with Ron and Dave
And met a new wave blonde babe with half of her head shaved
A nurse aid who came to get laid and tied up
with first aid tape and raped on the first date
Susan -- an ex-heroin addict who just stopped usin
who love booze and alternative music (Whattup?)
Told me she was goin back into usin again (Nah!)
I said,  Wait, first try this hallucinogen
It's better than heroin, Henn, the booze or the gin
C'mere, let's go in here   *knocks on the door*
Who's in the den?
[R]  It's me and Kelly!
My bad, (sorry) let's try another room
[G] I don't trust you!
Shut up slut!  Chew up this mushroom
This'll help you get in touch with your roots
We'll get barefoot, buttnaked, and run in the woods
[G] Oh hell, I might as well try em, this party is so drab
Oh dag!!
[G] What?
I ain't mean for you to eat the whole bag!
[G] Huh?!
Chorus: 1st repeat Em says  I'm sorry!  at the end
2nd repeat same as original Chorus
Yo Sue!
[G] Get away from me, I don't know you
Oh shoot, she's tripping..
[G] I need to go puke!!  (Bleahh!)
I wasn't tryin to turn this into somethin major
I just wanted to make you appreciate nature
Susan, stop cryin, I don't hate ya
The world's not against you, I'm sorry your father raped you
So what you had your little coochie in your dad's mouth?
That ain't no reason to start wiggin and spaz out
She said,
[G] Help me I think I'm havin a seisure!
I said,  I'm high too bitch, quit grabbin my t-shirt   (Let go!)
Would you calm down you're startin to scare me
She said,
[G] I'm twenty-six years old and I'm not married
I don't even have any kids and I can't cook
(Hello!) I'm over here Sue, (hi) you're talkin to the plant, look!
We need to get to a hospital 'fore it's too late
Cause I never seen no-one eat as many shrooms as you ate
Chorus: 1st repeat Em says  Whoops!  after first line
and  It was an accident!  at the end
2nd repeat same as original Chorus
Susan (wait!)  Where you goin'  You better be careful
[G] Leave me alone dad, I'm sick of gettin my hair pulled
I'm not your dad, quit tryin to swallow your tongue
Want some gum?  Put down the scissors, 'fore you do somethin dumb
I'll be right back just chill baby please?
I gotta go find Dave he's the one who gave me these
John, where's Dave at before I bash you?
[J] He's in the bathroom; I think he's takin a crap dude!
Dave!  Pull up your pants, we need an ambulance
There's a girl upstairs talkin to plants
choppin her hair off, and there's only two days left
of Spring Break, how long do these things take to wear off?
[D] Well it depends on how may you had
I took three, she ate the other twenty-two caps
Now she's upstairs cryin out her eyeballs, drinkin Lysol
[D] She's gonna die dude
I know and it's my fault!
[D] My god!!!
Chorus: 1st repeat Em says  I'm sorry!  after second line
and  What do I do?  at the end
2nd repeat same as original Chorus
My God, I'm so sorry!
I'm so sorry!  Susan please wake up!
Please!  Please wake up!!  What are you doing?!
You're not dead!!  You're NOT dead!
I know you're not dead!  Oh my God!
Susan wake up!  Oh God...

_____
* Eminem does the voices of all characters in the song *
[G] Eminem as Susan (the girl)
[D] Eminem as Dave
[J] Eminem as John
[R] Eminem as Ron
Chorus: repeat 2X
I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
Now you sitting in the corner crying
And now it's my fault my fault
[Eminem]
I went to John's rave with Ron and Dave
And met a new wave blonde babe with half of her head shaved
A nurse aid who came to get laid and tied up
with first aid tape and raped on the first date
Susan -- an ex-manic depressive who just moved from Houston
who love booze and alternative music (Whattup?)
Told me she was starvin, I said it wasn't a problem (Nah!)
I got a coupon for this pizza with everything on it
We can double the mushrooms and minus the sausage
[G] I'm allergic to fungus
Come on Sue, that's nonsense
Who's at the door??  Pizza man!
Who ordered pizza?  Wasn't it yours?  Nuh uh
[G] If you got it with double mushrooms on it then I don't want it
Shutup Susan I'll pick em off it
Oh hell, I might as well try it, I'll be alright
Susan you just swallowed the wrong slice!!
Chorus: 1st repeat Em says "I'm sorry!" at the end
2nd repeat same as original Chorus
"Yo Sue!"
[G] Get away from me, I don't know you
Oh shoot, she's tripping..
[G] I need to go puke!!  (Bleahh!)
I wasn't tryin to turn this into somethin major
I just wanted to make you appreciate flavor
Susan, stop cryin, I don't hate ya
I'm sorry your father used to chase you and spank you with hangers
So what they locked you in the attic in your dad's house?
That ain't no reason to start wiggin and spaz out
She said,
[G] Help me I think I'm havin a seisure!
I said, "You're breaking out in hives, let go of the pizza!"
"Would you put it down you're startin to scare me"
She said,
[G] I'm twenty-six years old and I'm not married
I don't even have any kids and I can't cook
(Hello!) I'm over here Sue, (hi) you're talkin to the plant, look!
We need to get to a hospital 'fore it's too late
Cause I never seen no-one eat as many shrooms as you ate
Chorus: 1st repeat Em says "Whoops!" after first line
and "It was an accident!" at the end
2nd repeat same as original Chorus
Susan (wait!)  Where you goin'  You better be careful
[G] Leave me alone dad, I'm sick of gettin my hair pulled
I'm not your dad, quit tryin to swallow your tongue
Want some gum?  Put down the scissors, 'fore you do somethin dumb
I'll be right back just chill baby please?
I gotta go find Dave he majored in allergies
"John, where's Dave at before I bash you?"
[J] He's in the bathroom; I think he's takin a crap dude!
"Dave!  Pull up your pants, we need an ambulance
There's a girl upstairs talkin to plants
choppin her hair off, and there's only two days left
of Spring Break, how long do these things take to wear off?"
[D] Well it depends on how many pieces she ate
Just one, with double mushrooms by mistake
Now she's upstairs cryin out her eyeballs, breaking out in hives"
[D] She's gonna die dude
"I know and it's my fault!"
[D] My god!!!
Chorus: 1st repeat Em says "I'm sorry!" after second line
and "What do I do?" at the end
2nd repeat same as original Chorus
My God, I'm so sorry!
I'm so sorry!  Susan please wake up!
Please!  Please wake up!!  What are you doing?!
You're not dead!!  You're NOT dead!
I know you're not dead!

_____
Yeah, Come on
Shake ur ass
Groove it Bitch
Yeah, Come on
Don't be that way
Be nice
And things wont go wrong
(chorus)
My fuckin headfone doesn't work
No, it doesn't work
yeah, thats for you, bitch
Bitch
My fuckin headfone doesn't work
Its all your fault bitch
Now lets try ta dance
Without the music
You said you would be nice bitch
Yeah, you know you did
But my fucking headfone doesn't work
And i'm crazy
And I'll kill you bitch
(chorus)
(repeat chorus)

_____
Xzibit feat. Eminem, Nate Dogg
My Name
[Eminem]
This ain't beef man
I don't know what the fuck to call it
But no beef
Whattup X?
I float like big spirit in this bitch I'm ghostly
Rush me, cause you ain't gonna live to roast me
I'd have my motherfuckin ass kicked by Moby
if I let some bitch in the Can like 'Bis cop over me
to do war, and try to bring my crew back down
I'll never stoop, to that level, to do that now
I got a new cat, this time I'm pullin two gats out
With bullets, I finally got somethin to shoot at now
[Xzibit]
Let's see who got they city on lock
Let's see who got the better aim with the glock
Let's see who come out on top
Let's see who REALLY want they name in the streets
Let's see who wanna die the same time as me
and make ends meet
Now was I, blessed with a gift, or cursed with a curse?
I follow, hearse after hearse, with verse after verse
And I'll be damned if I let Billy dance Dupri
Or anybody swing an axe at my family tree, so now
[Chorus: Nate Dogg]
I love it when you niggaz be talkin, sayin my name
Seems like your mouth is not connected to your brain
Two-zero-zero-three, and shit, it ain't the same
Better have a strap my nigga, simple and plain
Put your nuts on the table, my nigga let's play the game
Heard you so long, you be up to get the pain
I don't wanna hear what you meant, do not explain
Right before you lay in your coffin, hoe say my name
[Xzibit]
Why do you hate me? (Hate me) I came from nothin
Blood sweat and tears, you did not create me
How can you doubt me? (Doubt me) You don't know shit about me
There'd be no West coast without me
Cut with the bullshit (Bullshit) I struggle for survival
And now you tryin to act like my rival?
Watch what you say partner, it's a small earth
Don't play games with your life nigga, it's not worth
all the pain (all the pain) all the agony (all the agony)
All the horror (all the horrow) all the tragedy (all the tragedy)
Put your hands up people, it's time to fight now
I beat holes in your chest, remain hostile
Threaten my life? (C'mon!) One day you'll understand
They say that pride is the sign of a foolish man
So who the FUCK?! (Who the FUCK?!) you think you talkin to
Live and direct in the flesh, I'm right in FRONT OF YOU!
[Chorus]
[Eminem]
I never really smashed on Jermaine's ass, Dre smashed him
Nobody ganged up 'til he came back and jacked him
I never really brought it to his ass, I tapped him
I coulda been like Treach, boom-bapped and slapped him
purple, for mimickin him with two rappin Urkels
I coulda snapped, took it past rap and hurt you
But I didn't, I kept it on wax and served you
I "Square Dance" cause I'm sick of rappin circles
around these clowns, stready tryin to call me out
It's like I'm listenin to motherfuckin dogs meow
You'd probably do better tryin to come and stomp me out
You don't want it with rap, this is what I'm all about - c'mon
(I) No gangsta you ain't either
(Will) But I know that I spit "Ether"
(Not) I shoulda crossed your belly
(Lose) Show you I'm not R. Kelly
X, pass me the weed, I'ma put my ashes out on his ass
For the last time man.. [scratched] - "Watch your fuckin mouth"
[Chorus]
[Eminem]
For the last time man, I'm through

_____
Chorus: repeat 2X
Hi!  My name is.. (what?)  My name is.. (who?)
My name is.. {scratches} Slim Shady
Hi!  My name is.. (huh?)  My name is.. (what?)
My name is.. {scratches} Slim Shady
Ahem.. excuse me!
Can I have the attention of the class
for one second?
[Eminem]
Hi kids!  Do you like violence?  (Yeah yeah yeah!)
Wanna see me stick Nine Inch Nails through each one of my eyelids?  (Uh-huh!)
Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did?  (Yeah yeah!)
Try 'cid and get fucked up worse that my life is?  (Huh?)
My brain's dead weight, I'm tryin to get my head straight
but I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate  (Ummmm..)
And Dr. Dre said, "Slim Shady you a basehead!"
Uh-uhhh!  "So why's your face red?  Man you wasted!"
Well since age twelve, I've felt like I'm someone else
Cause I hung my original self from the top bunk with a belt
Got pissed off and ripped Pamela Lee's tits off
And smacked her so hard I knocked her clothes backwards like Kris Kross
I smoke a fat pound of grass and fall on my ass
faster than a fat bitch who sat down too fast
C'mere slut!  (Shady, wait a minute, that's my girl dog!)
I don't give a fuck, God sent me to piss the world off!
Chorus
[Eminem]
My English teacher wanted to have sex in junior high
The only problem was my English teacher was a guy
I smacked him in his face with an eraser, chased him with a stapler
and stapled his nuts to a stack of paper  (Owwwwwwww!)
Walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up
Flashed the bartender, then stuck my dick in the tip cup  (Wsssshhhhh...)
Extraterrestrial, killin pedestrians
Rapin lesbians while they screamin: "LET'S JUST BE FRIENDS!"
Ninety-nine percent of my life I was lied to
I just found out my mom does more dope than I do
I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper
Make a record about doin drugs and name it after her  (Oh thank you!)
You know you blew up when the women rush your stands
and try to touch your hands like some screamin Usher fans  (Aaahhhhhh!)
This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph  (Dude, can I get your autograph?)
So I signed it: 'Dear Dave, thanks for the support, ASSHOLE!'
Chorus
[Eminem]
Stop the tape!  This kid needs to be locked away!  (Get him!)
Dr. Dre, don't just stand there, OPERATE!
I'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die
I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive
Am I comin or goin'  I can barely decide
I just drank a fifth of vodka -- dare me to drive?  (Go ahead)
All my life I was very deprived
I ain't had a woman in years, and my palms are too hairy to hide
Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk  (hachhh-too)
I spit when I talk, I'll fuck anything that walks  (C'mere)
When I was little I used to get so hungry I would throw fits
HOW YOU GONNA BREAST FEED ME MOM?  (WAH!)  YOU AIN'T GOT NO TITS!  (WAH!)
I lay awake and strap myself in the bed
Put a bulleproof vest on and shoot myself in the head  (BANG!)
I'm steamin mad  (Arrrggghhh!)
And by the way when you see my dad?  (Yeah?)
Tell him that I slit his throat, in this dream I had
Chorus

_____
Chorus: repeat 2X
Hi!  My name is.. (what?)  My name is.. (who?)
My name is..  scratches> Slim Shady
Hi!  My name is.. (huh?)  My name is.. (what?)
My name is..  scratches> Slim Shady
Ahem.. excuse me!
Can I have the attention of the class
for one second?
[Eminem]
Hi kids!  Do you like Primus?  (Yeah yeah!)
Wanna see me stick Nine Inch Nails through each one of my eyelids?  (Uh-huh!)
Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did?
Try {'cid} and get messed up worse that my life is?
My brain's dead weight, I'm tryin to get my head straight
but I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to {impregnate}
And Dr. Dre said, "Slim Shady you a basehead!"
Uh-uhhh!  "So why's your face red?  Man you wasted!"
Well since age twelve, I've felt like a caged elf
who stayed to himself, in one space, chasin his tail (blalblalblabla)
Got ticked off and ripped Pamela Lee's lips off
Kissed em and said, "I ain't know silicone was 'sposed to be this soft"
I'm bout to pass out and crash, and fall in the grass
faster than a fat man who sat down too fast
C'mere lady!  (Shady, wait a minute, that's my girl dog!)
I don't give a damn, Dre sent me to tick the world off!
Chorus
[Eminem]
My English teacher wanted to flunk me in junior high  (Damn!)
Thanks a lot.. next semester, I'll be thirty-five
I smacked him in his face with an eraser, chased him with a stapler
and told him to change the grade on the paper  (Now!)
Walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up
Served the bartender, then walked out with a tip cup
Extraterrestrial, runnin over pedestrians
in a spaceship while they're screamin at me: "LET'S JUST BE FRIENDS!"
Ninety-nine percent of my life I was lied to
I just found out my mom does more {dope} than I do
I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper
Make a record about doin {drugs} and name it after her  (Here mom!)
You know you blew up when the women rush your stands
and try to touch your hands like some screamin Usher fans  (Aaahhhhhh!)
This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph  (Dude, can I get your autograph?)
So I signed it: 'Dear Dave, thanks for the support, {ASSHOLE!}'
Chorus
[Eminem]
Stop the tape!  This kid needs to be locked away!  (Get him!)
Dr. Dre, don't just stand there, OPERATE!
I'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die
I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive
Am I comin or goin'  I can barely decide
I just drank a fifth of Kool-Aid -- dare me to drive?  (Go ahead)
All my life I was very deprived
I ain't had a woman in years, and my palms are too hairy to hide
Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk  (hachhh-too)
I spit when I talk, I'll {fuck} anything that walks  (C'mere)
When I was little I used to get so hungry I would throw fits
HOW YOU GONNA BREAST FEED ME MOM?  (WAH!)  YOU AIN'T GOT NO {TITS!}  (WAH!)
I lay awake and strap myself in the bed
Put a bulleproof vest on and tap myself in the head  (BANG!)
I'm steamin mad  (Arrrggghhh!)
And by the way when you see my dad?  (Yeah?)
Ask him if he bought a porno mag and seen my ad
Chorus

_____
Chorus:
My words are weapons (I use them to crush my opponents)
My words are weapons (I never show no emotions)
My words are weapons (I use them to kill whoevers steppin' to me, my words
are like weaponry on a record)
My words are weapons (I use them to crush my opponents)
These words are weapons (I never show no emotions)
My words are weapons (I use them to kill whoevers steppin' to me, my words
are like weaponry on a record)
Eminem:
(Aiiyo)
The rage I release on a page is like a demon unleashing a caged lunatic
'soon as i hit the stage
My mind is like a fuckin' stick of dynamite, once is get behind the mic
it's like the wick is lit, you bitches die tonight
My 9 is like a guy that light at night, shinin' bright
My fuckin grip is tighter than my wife's vagina (sike!)
These cocksucking cops got my Smith & Wesson
I guess its time to pick a different weapon, man this shits depressin'
But Swift is gettin me a new one for a christmas present (c'mon Slim, lets
go and teach this fuckin bitch a lesson)
They managed to confiscate the pistol that I brandished
But my plan is to use this bullshit to my advantage
Shady, stay creative baby
Hold your head up, dont you let up
one bit on these motherfuckin' suckas
You're a soldier, get up
Stand up for what you belive in, long as you breathin'
They jealous of you man, thats the only reason they beefin'
(Chorus)
Swift:
Its that dirty dozen renegade
you done pulled the pin out my grenade
thirty eights so move yo' shit up out the way
you niggas wont forget about McFae
you got somethin to say? get it out today or watch these bullets break
from these ten black fingers huggin these deadly millimeters
that'll make Jeff Dommar look like he got a misdemeaner
see im dirty, so I aint gotta buy a pistol cleaner
and an official beater
don't let me see you wit your heater
you get hit wit it
tell the motherfuckas Swift did it
you packin somethin special in yo crib? then bitch get it
im physically fitted to run your digits
im hostile, wit this roscoe pointed up your nostrils
you can split it, and guess what?
I'm blowin up the hospital
and wouldn't give a fuck if you a cop or a hoe
im hannibal lector, the spinal cord disconnecter
finding whores to lock em' up in hotels to inject her
(Chorus)
Bizarre:
im eatin girls like im hannibal
there's no way I can be the gay rapper (why not?)
I only fuck animals (oh)
you stupid trick, got my dick startin to itch
went to my mother's gravesite, called her a stupid bitch
1 on 1 in this blood sport
im in divorce court
suing my bitch over a pack of Newports
6 times I been arrested
how would you feel if you was a Jehovah witness that always got molested?
im smokin dank, drinkin drink
I can't have any kids cause im fuckin shootin blanks
don't you know bizarre don't give a fuck?
Nicole's a whore, im glad O.J. murdered the slut
responsibility? im neglegent
bill clinton's a fag and should be stabbed, let richard simmons be the
president
call me a wierdo, call me "bazeer"
while I stick it up your ass while you shit dierreah
(Chorus)

_____
[Eminem]
This motherfucker man, just won't shut up will you?
Talk about I owe you, bitch you owe me
I'm promoting you right now
Man lets put the nail in his coffin
[Chorus]
I dont want to be like this
I dont really want to hurt no feelins
But Im only bein real when I say nobody wants to hear their grandfather rap
Old men have heart attacks
and I dont want to be responsible for that so
Put the mic down and walk away
You can still have a little bit of dignity
[verse 1]
I would never claim to be no Ray Benzino
an 83 year old fake Pachino
So how can he hold me over some balcony
without throwin his lower back out as soon as he goes to lift me
Please dont, youl probably fall with me
and our asses will both be history
But then again youl finnally get your wish
cuz youl be all over the street like 50 Cent
Fuckin punk pussy fuck you chump
gimme a one-on-one see if I dont fuck you up
Tryin to jump the Ruff Ryders and they cut you up
And you put Jada on a track thats how much you suck
dick in the industry, swear that you in the streets hustlin
You sit behind a fuckin desk at The Source butt-kissin
and beggin motherfuckers for guest appearences
and you can even get the clearances cuz real lyricists
dont even respect you or take you serious
Its not that we dont like you, we hate you - period
Talk about a mid-life crisis damn
last week you was shakin Obie Trice's hand
Now hes a busta? What the fucks with that?
Get on a track dissin us kissin 50's ass
and askin me what I know about inditements-bite me
bitch I got two cases, and probation - fight me!
What do I know about standin in front of a judge like a man
ready to take whatever sentence he hands
What you know about your wife slicin her wrists
right in front of the only thing you have in this world - a little girl?
And I put that on her, when this is all over
I would never try to make her a star and eat off her
I dont know shit about no shoppin rocks
But what you know about hip-hop shops rockin spots?
When your the only white boy in that bitch just rippin
pressin up your own flyers and your stickers stickin
them bitches up after spendin six hours at Kinkos
Just makin copys of your covers of casette singles
and sell them out the trunk of your Tracer
Spendin your whole paycheck at Disc Makers
What you know about bein bullied over half your life?
Oh thats right, you know what thats like, your half white
Vanilla Ice,spill the beans and rice, Im eaten you alive inside
Jesus Christ, if your that much of a gangster, put the mic down
You should be out killin motherfuckers right now
Kill a motherfucker dead, kill'em dead bitch
Shoot'em in the fuckin head, go ahead bitch
Slap my mom, slap the f*ck outa her!
She cant sue you, she wouldnt get a buck out of you
Cuz your broke as fuck you suck your a fuckin joke
If you was really sellin coke, well then what the fuck
you stop for dummy? If you slew some crack
you'd make alot more money than you do from rap
You never had no security, you'll never be famous
You'l never now what its like to be rich, lifes a bitch aint it?
Raymond, here, let me break this shit down in lamens
terms for you just to make sure that you can understand this
and Canibus they usin too many complicated fuckin words for you
Here then let me slow it down for you
so you can understand if I say it slower:
Let it go dawg it's over
[Chorus]
[Eminem talkin]
Haha
Talkin bout I have motherfuckers callin your crib
bitch you aint even got a fuckin crib
You aint even got a fuckin phone, fuckin Bum
Threatened to shut me down at your little fuckin Source magazine
if I come back then you would attack me, bitch you attacked me first
take it like a man and shut the fuck up
and fuck your little magazine too
I dont need your fuckin magazine, I got XXL number anywayz
And yall cant stand it cuz there gettin bigger than yall
oh, and by the way, howed I look on the VMAs?
When you was watchin me from whatever fuckin TV you was watchin me from in Boston
The mean streets of Boston, fuckin sissy
Like you got us scared in the motherfucker, suck our motherfuckin dicks
Oh, and for those thats dont know, dont get it twisted yo, the Source has a white owner

_____
Hey what up man?
What up god?
Ya heard?
Chillen, cold as hell
Yes it is, hey Busta didn't come here did he?
No, hey look, you got fifteen cent?
Nah, I got just enough to get on the bus, I'm broke
We gotta go to the store alright man quick cause I'm short
Yeah, we gonna have enough time to go to the store?
Nah, look..
You should just, how much you got there?
I only got 75, I'm sure I got a dollar know what I mean..
Just throw it in there they ain't gonna know
You know what look, I'm sick of taking this damn bus everywhere man
You gotta make some moves or something
I know look, I'm trying to get rich,
I got a baby on the way, I don't even got a car,
you know what I'm saying?
I still stay with my moms, 21 and still with my moms
Look hey, we gotta make some hit records or something,
you know what I'm saying?  Cause I'm tired of being broke
Verse 1:
Cause all I do is yearn a life without a concern
And dream of having a turn to earn money to burn
Mapping out my strategies to get rich huh
My desire is like a scratch that needs to get itched huh
Cause man I live in the D, this shit ain't given for free
Nothing's different to me, so what, it's easy to see
I'll be the prisoner to flee, all of this misery
I'm not wishing to be another fish in the sea
But just an MC, so listen to me, but if you disagree
You missing the key, you ain't even in the brisk of the tea
Unconditionally my aspects to cash checks
My objects were never to swab decks
It's up to you the decision is yours
If what you vision is tours, or a mission less course
When shit is in the stores, cause you can be a star
Chorus:
No matter wherever you are, you're never too far
>From revenue huh, cause you can be king
You can rule the world, you can do anything
It's on you baby, cause you can be a star
No matter wherever you are, you're never too far
>From revenue huh, cause you can be king
You can rule the world, you can do anything
It's on you baby, cause you can be a star
No matter wherever you are, you're never too far
>From revenue huh
You know what I'm saying, see what I'm talking about man?
Cause that's it
Yeah
A million dollars ain't even that far away man
Yo we got to get the money man, I can't be broke for the rest of my life
Yeah I hear what your saying,
look there's got to be something better, you know what I'm saying?
I can't live like this for the rest of my life man,
bumming rides everywhere I go
Yeah, what's up with Lexus' and Land cruisers'?
Verse 2:
Yo I'm not about to chance it and dismiss handling business
I'm canceling Christmas to gamble and risk this
Financial interest is the matter at hand
I got an adequate plan for stab at a grand
I grab what I can and do what I must
Pursue what I lust, it's true that I just choose
The few that I trust, thems the people that I still got
Fuck with gangsta fill pot, get your grill shot
The 5 Elemantz for life my man Thyme
Proof, Kyu and Denaun, we move through into time
My crews true and divine, we never fronted
We just wanted to be funded, and live to be a hundred
Instead of hunted or being wanted as fugitives
It's all about a man planning what his future is
What he can do for his to be a star
Chorus:
No matter wherever you are, you're never too far
>From revenue huh, cause you can be king
You can rule the world, you can do anything
It's on you baby, cause you can be a star
No matter wherever you are, you're never too far
>From revenue huh, cause you can be king
You can rule the world, you can do anything
It's on you baby, cause you can be a star
No matter wherever you are, you're never too far
From revenue huh
That's what I'm talking about, I'm not trying to be the player,
I'm trying to be the man, I'm want to be President
Yo forgot that President man I'm trying to be king,
making dead presidents, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah
Getting money anytime I want owning my own businesses and all that,
you know what I'm saying?
Yeah, I'm trying to be a millionare man, hahaha, but don't all you know
You only live once
ninety six baby

_____
[Eminem]
There's not much you could do or say to phase me
People think I'm a little bit crazy
I get it from all angles, even occasionally Doc Dre-zie'll
Have to step in every once in a while to save me
To make me stop and think about it 'fore I just say things
Sometimes I forget what other people just may think
A lot of rappers finally wouldn't know how to take me
If they heard some shit, I'd lay the tape 'fore they erase me
I maybe a little too fast paced and racy
Sometimes the average listener rewinds and plays me twenty times
cuz I say so many rhymes, it may seem like I'm goin too fast cuz my mind is racing
And I could give a fuck what category you place me
Long as when I'm pushing up daisies and gone
As long as you place me amongst one of them greats
When I hit the heavenly gates I'll be cool beside Jay-Z
For every single die hard fan who embraced me
I'm thankful for the talent in which God gave me
And I'm thankful for the environment that he placed me
Believe it or not, I thank my mom for how she raised me
In the neighborhood daily, they jumped and chased me
It only made me what I am today, see
Regardless of what anybody believes who hates me
You ain't gonna make or break me
Tryna strip me of my credibility and make me look fake, G
You're only gonna be in for a rude awakening
Cuz sooner or later you haters are all gonna face me
And when you face me with all the shit you've been saving to say to me
You had all this time to think about it
Now don't pussy out and try to wimp out, face me
Cuz I've been patiently waiting for the day
That we finally meet in the same place to see
[Chorus x2 - Nate Dogg]
No matter how many battles I been in and won
No matter how many magazines on my nuts
No matter how many emcees I end up
Ooh ooh, it's never enough
[50 Cent]
My flow's untouchable now you gotta face it
Uh oh, it gets worse when I go back to the basics
You go say the wrong shit and get your face split
The smell of victory, love it so much I can taste it
The spot my talk, it blaze a direct hit
Graze it, your peace talk, save it
You shit sounds dated, you're overrated
I'm obligated to study your moves then crush you mutherfuckers
If I'm the best and the worst, then God's gift is a curse
Soldier trained to destroy, you payin' attention boy?
I spit shit, slick shit, so quick you miss it
To be specific I go ballistic as hieroglyphic
My music is a drug, press play, you ain't gotta sniff it
Chew it or pop it, roll a bag of the chocolate
Get your high over and over, but you gotta cop it
When it's hot, it's hot
Your hatin' is undeniable, stop it
[Chorus x2]

_____
I never loved.. uh never loved like i love u(2x)
OH,
I don't think i've ever loved somebody the way i love u
The words are unexplanable
All i could say is i love u
And u will always be in my heart.. (uh, huh uh)
Its like that poem;(yea)
"Roses are red, violets are blue
But nothing is stronger than my love for u"
ah, what do I do, uh. u say u love
I love u too
but if u do, whyd u go break my heart the way u did ?
I never loved,
I never somebody the way I love u
I love uuuu

_____
I don't figure this rap shit out
I map shit out strategically
Timing is everything and it seems to be the key
Let 'em diss you first
And respond immediatly
In order to master the art of war
Don't start a war
Shit not no more
We done scared 'em off there are no more
Victims are sick
I'm fixing to pick some to start shit
Ain't got no pictures to rip
And shit to throw darts at
Ain't got no more targets
Shit Irv and Jeff
We done beat 'em to death
Benzino in debt
There just seems to just be no one left to bully
Bush is pussy
Why the fuck you think his names Bush?
Puss is bushy
Ain't shit goin on
Shit I've been getting so bored lately
I'm thinkin' of doin some shit to get you to go and hate me again
Tell the truth I like the shit better than
Shit I could spit better
I'm 'bout to kick that sick shit again
Look.. the game just ain't the same
It changes
Shit Dre's quittin'
Jay's quittin'
Now it's just wanksta
Just saying the same shit
It's fake and its ancient
It's making me so bored I'mma just make a new language
Fubba you cubba cubba
Ubba you ubba ooba
You can sus susa my
Bib dick tooa tooba
Some of the humane kinda' Llama[?]
I'm not a human I'm a suicidal
Supersonic
Suicidal
Unibomber
You think I'mma do Osama
Presidama - do Madona
Jeffry on the leven with his legacy to carry on
A lotta' talk of rumors on us who's the hottest to be honest
Hip hop just ain't been the same
Since Tupac moved to Cuba on us

_____
[Intro]
I love niggas! I love niggas!
Cause niggas are me!
And I should only love that 'presents me
I love to see niggas go through changes (Whoooo!!)
I love to see niggas shoot through shit (Did it again)
And to all niggas that do it I love
Eminem]
I got 50 Cent, I got G-Unit
D-Tweezy in this bitch, wit Obie Trice!
So watch what you say, 'fore you call our name
Cause you say one more thing and it won't be nice!
[Verse one: Eminem]
Whoa, here we go, I shoulda known
I was bound to get pulled into some bullshit
Sooner or later you little haters
Are too jealous of us to love us
You hate it G-Unit made it and Obie's coming
D-Tweezy's coming you're sick to your stomach
50 percent of it's 50 cent
The other 50 percent of it's who's color of skin it is
But if you even considerin' taking our label down
You better find our building and fly a fucking plane into it
But I ain't trying to get too intricate into it
I'm just trying to you give you a little hint for your own benefit
Cause then it's gonna get to the point
Where it escalates to some other shit
Then I'm a flip, then I'm a get to
"Stomping in my Air Force Ones"
But you won't be able to tell
If it's two pairs or it's one
It's just gonna feel like so many feet kicking you
You'd think Nike just made these into cleats in this shoe
I don't know what it is or what it could be
But I get a woody when these pussies try to push me
Thinking they gonna put me in a position to pickle me
Y'all tickle me pink
I think I'd just rather have Pink tickle me
Hickory dickory dock, tickety tock tickety
A little bit of the diggedy doc diggedy
Mixed with a little bit of the [Eminem vocal scratch]
Wit a pinch of Biggie
Look at me, I'm just the bomb diggedy
[Chorus: Eminem]
We the realest label
Don't try to act like you don't feel our label
Cause we gon' fuck around and kill your label
Obie, D-Tweezy, G-Unit, 50, Shady records
We the label fa' sho!
We the realest label
Don't try to act like you don't feel our label
Cause we gon' fuck around and steal your paper
Obie, D-Tweezy, G-Unit, 50, Shady records
We gon' kill your label fa' sho!
[Verse Two: Notorious B.I.G.]
Back up chump, you know Biggie Smalls grips it quick
And kicks it quick, you know how black niggas get
With the hoods fatigues with the boots with trees
Smokin weed, flippin ki's, makin crazy G's
Hittin' buckshots at niggas that open spots
On the avenue, take my loot, and I'm baggin you
Pimpin hoes that drive Volvo's and Rodeos
Flash the Roll, make her wet, in her pantyhose
Damn, a nigga style is unorthodox
Grip the glock, when I walk down the crowded blocks
Just in case a nigga wanna act out
I just black out, and blow they motherfuckin back out
That's real
[Chorus: 50 Cent - repeat 2x]
We the realest nigga
50 Cent and B.I.G. my nigga
Don't try to act like you don't feel a nigga
Biggie yo nigga, 50 yo nigga
Squeeze the trigga' leave a nigga fa' sho!
[Eminem]
Shady in the place to be see
And I got what it takes to +Roc The Mic+ right!
Still watch what you say to me punk
Cause I'm off probation in less than six months [gun cocked]
[Verse three: Notorious B.I.G.]
When we smoke spliffs, we pack four-fifths
Just in case dread wanna riff
He get a free lift to the cemetary, rough very
Not your ordinary, we watch you get buried
That's a real nigga for ya
Get mad do a quarter flip the script, and rip your lawyer
Spit at the D.A. cause fuck what she say
She don't give a fuck about your ass anyway
Up North found first stop Watertown
Of fist-skill, where the hand skills are real ill
You'll be a super Hoover doo-doo stain remover
Ha hahhh, yo Chief, pass the Buddha
[Chorus: 50 cent]
[Verse Three: 50 Cent]
When I was young my M.O. was to go hand-to-hand
And even my P.O. she called me the Ginger Bread Man
I catch a new case, and tell her ass "catch me if you can"
Don't let your people fill you up wit octane I'm not playing
Get gassed up to get blast up
Real B.I.G. style watch the kid break it down
Check it, thou shalt not fuck wit North C. Papa
50 Cent, I'll break yo ass off propa'
There's no place like home, New York - New York
I run this city, I don't dance around like Diddy
Niggas is giddy, till they act smack silly
Or spray wit the Mack Milly, they don't want drama really
Pussy niggas get hard lip syncing my lyrics like Milly Vanilly
Even the hood they feel me [gun cocked] hah! I'm on fire!
Niggas out in Philly they feel me, they bump my shit
Every bootlegger you know, bump my shit, bitch!
[Chorus: 50 cent]
[Outro: Eminem]
Haha, Shady Records
Still Aftermath, and don't think we don't
Hear you motherfuckers talkin'!
Cause we do and we see y'all
We just gon' sit back for a minute
While I see what the FUCK y'all do

_____
[Bizarre]
Yeah...ha ha ha (BANG!), Yeah, Bizarre Kid comin' at you
Eminem and Fuzz, and Mr. Swifty, ha ha
No one's iller than me (wha?)
No one, no one is iller than me
No one is iller than me
It's Mr. Swifty from the 313...
[Swift]
I make rappers wanna turn into singers
I keep hoes lickin' they fingers
Bring this competition and face this meanin'
Got your whole crew doing subpeonas
Hell nah you ain't seen a crew genius
Murder whoever's between us, pack your heaters
Keep it close, you can't beat us
While your whole crew treat us like G's, you best believe this
I done made quadrapalegics outta these non-rappin rejects
While the whole world ejects your tape, it ain't no secret
That your shit sounds fake, you can't stop it my mind state
Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate
I'm like Two-Face, I'm painful to rappers then you can tell
From these shells, how I gotta bend 'em like route canals
I erase all trails, somethin' farther from gettin' bail
Makes you wanna kill an emcee yourself, you might as well
Be within a 25 to life sentence, on linkin' trials
Horrified, and keep on frontin', repentin' and lose they bowels
Everything is foul when Swift's around, vacate now
Niggas dumb enough to try to front and escape, how?
I'm gonna take this 'gnac and drink it straight wild
Niggas steady fallin' in my face like milk crates, BLAAAOW!
It's Swifty from the 313
Like I said no one is iller than me, unnhh!
[Bizarre]
Me and Eminem and Mike
Drivin' down Van Dyke
Get my dick sucked late at night by a fuckin' transvestite
Still on probation for stranglin' my boy Jason
Should be takin' my medication, it's 9 to 10 I'm facin'
Last week this old man I had to blast
Cuz he tried to help me out when my car was out of gas
Ripped this old lady, hung her neck by a hook
Didn't realize it was my grandmother 'til I checked her pocketbook
Fuckin' with the white boys got me back on crack
Better explain where the hell your TVs and VCRs is at
I done lost 100 pounds, I ain't been eatin' like I should
This wounded dog in the street is sure lookin' good!
Rob this little boy in his fuckin' paper route
Throwin' bottles at day care centers and yell "EVERYBODY GET OUT"!
My girl beat my ass and shot me in the back with a 2-piece
Cuz she found out I was havin' an affair with her 10-year old niece
No one, no one's iller than me
It's Bizarre Kid straight from the 313
No one, no one is iller than me
It's Bizarre Kid straight from the 313
[Eminem]
Nobody better test me, cuz I don't wanna get messy
Especially when I step inside this bitch, dick freshly
New Lugz, give the crew hugs, guzzle two mugs
Before I do drugs that make me throw up like flu bugs
True thugs, rugged unshaven messy scrubs
Whippin' 40-bottles like the fuckin' Pepsi clubs
Down a fifth, crack open a six
I'm on my seventh 8-ball, now I gotta take a piss
I'm hollerin' at these hoes that got boyfriends
Who gives a fuck who they was
I'm always takin' someone else's girl like Cool J does
They probably don't be packin' anyways, do they Fuzz?
We walked up, stomped they asses and blew they buzz
Mics get sandblasted
Stab your abdomen with a hand crafted pocketknife and spill your antacid
Sprayed your motherfuckin' crib up when I ran past it
Fuckin' felon, headed to hell in a handbasket
Talkin' shit will get you, your girl and your man blasted
Kidnapped and slapped in a van wrapped in Saran plastic
Get your damn ass kicked, by these fantastic
Furious four motherfuckers
Flashin' in front of your face without the Grand Masters
Slim Shady, ain't nobody iller than me
[Fuzz]
I run shit like an ass with legs
Massive lead to leave your cabbage red
Similar to your ass in a casket dead
Drastic spread of acid heads
Come to abort you like a bastard egg
That trash you said got you standin' on plastic legs
Ask the feds from past the edge
Rockin' the most classic threads
Flashin' bread, roll down the window
Bitch you got some fantastic legs, you can get 'til that ass get red
You can get 'til that ass get red
Bizarre you get him and him, Swift you get him and him
I'll get him and him, leave the other two for my nigga Eminem
Never writer's block, I block writers
My block's tighter, ante up and get your top fighters
Got fired for jumpin' the counter with a mop stick
Some bitch ran up screamin' GET THE COPS QUICK!
And got drop kicked, now she screamin' "Stop it..."
Got clips to stop shit, rock shit and grab this hot shit
Wherever you shop bitch, Fuzz Scooter '97 crop pick
Sick a-ya'll niggaz lookin' at me like I got tits
I shoot a rocket through your optic
You niggaz still don't know the top pick?
I got bricks, lose my foot in your ass
And have you shittin' socks bitch!
We rock shit, leave your fuckin' knot split
Grab the green from Al by showin' him hot grits
(No one...)
Ain't nobody iller than me
[Bizzare]
It's the Mr. Fuzzy from the 313
No one, no one is iller than me
It's Eminem and Swift from the 313
No one, no one is iller than me
It's Fuzz and Buzz-arre from the 313
You have now witnessed 4 ill emcees!
From the home of potholes and trash
We'll lyrically blast...

_____
[Featured Swift, Bizarre, Fuzz]
[Bizarre]
Yeah...ha ha ha (BANG!), Yeah, Bizarre Kid comin' at you
Eminem and Fuzz, and Mr. Swifty, ha ha
No one's iller than me (wha?)
No one, no one is iller than me
No one is iller than me
It's Mr. Swifty from the 313...
[Swift]
I make rappers wanna turn into singers
I keep hoes lickin' they fingers
Bring this competition and face this meanin'
Got your whole crew doing subpeonas
Hell nah you ain't seen a crew genius
Murder whoever's between us, pack your heaters
Keep it close, you can't beat us
While your whole crew treat us like G's, you best believe this
I done made quadrapalegics outta these non-rappin rejects
While the whole world ejects your tape, it ain't no secret
That your shit sounds fake, you can't stop it my mind state
Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate
I'm like Two-Face, I'm painful to rappers then you can tell
From these shells, how I gotta bend 'em like route canals
I erase all trails, somethin' farther from gettin' bail
Makes you wanna kill an emcee yourself, you might as well
Be within a 25 to life sentence, on linkin' trials
Horrified, and keep on frontin', repentin' and lose they bowels
Everything is foul when Swift's around, vacate now
Niggas dumb enough to try to front and escape, how?
I'm gonna take this 'gnac and drink it straight wild
Niggas steady fallin' in my face like milk crates, BLAAAOW!
It's Swifty from the 313
Like I said no one is iller than me, unnhh!
[Bizarre]
Me and Eminem and Mike
Drivin' down Van Dyke
Get my dick sucked late at night by a fuckin' transvestite
Still on probation for stranglin' my boy Jason
Should be takin' my medication, it's 9 to 10 I'm facin'
Last week this old man I had to blast
Cuz he tried to help me out when my car was out of gas
Ripped this old lady, hung her neck by a hook
Didn't realize it was my grandmother 'til I checked her pocketbook
Fuckin' with the white boys got me back on crack
Better explain where the hell your TVs and VCRs is at
I done lost 100 pounds, I ain't been eatin' like I should
This wounded dog in the street is sure lookin' good!
Rob this little boy in his fuckin' paper route
Throwin' bottles at day care centers and yell "EVERYBODY GET OUT"!
My girl beat my ass and shot me in the back with a 2-piece
Cuz she found out I was havin' an affair with her 10-year old niece
No one, no one's iller than me
It's Bizarre Kid straight from the 313
No one, no one is iller than me
It's Bizarre Kid straight from the 313
[Eminem]
Nobody better test me, cuz I don't wanna get messy
Especially when I step inside this bitch, dick freshly
New Lugz, give the crew hugs, guzzle two mugs
Before I do drugs that make me throw up like flu bugs
True thugs, rugged unshaven messy scrubs
Whippin' 40-bottles like the fuckin' Pepsi clubs
Down a fifth, crack open a six
I'm on my seventh 8-ball, now I gotta take a piss
I'm hollerin' at these hoes that got boyfriends
Who gives a fuck who they was
I'm always takin' someone else's girl like Cool J does
They probably don't be packin' anyways, do they Fuzz?
We walked up, stomped they asses and blew they buzz
Mics get sandblasted
Stab your abdomen with a hand crafted pocketknife and spill your antacid
Sprayed your motherfuckin' crib up when I ran past it
Fuckin' felon, headed to hell in a handbasket
Talkin' shit will get you, your girl and your man blasted
Kidnapped and slapped in a van wrapped in Saran plastic
Get your damn ass kicked, by these fantastic
Furious four motherfuckers
Flashin' in front of your face without the Grand Masters
Slim Shady, ain't nobody iller than me
[Fuzz]
I run shit like an ass with legs
Massive lead to leave your cabbage red
Similar to your ass in a casket dead
Drastic spread of acid heads
Come to abort you like a bastard egg
That trash you said got you standin' on plastic legs
Ask the feds from past the edge
Rockin' the most classic threads
Flashin' bread, roll down the window
Bitch you got some fantastic legs, you can get 'til that ass get red
You can get 'til that ass get red
Bizarre you get him and him, Swift you get him and him
I'll get him and him, leave the other two for my nigga Eminem
Never writer's block, I block writers
My block's tighter, ante up and get your top fighters
Got fired for jumpin' the counter with a mop stick
Some bitch ran up screamin' GET THE COPS QUICK!
And got drop kicked, now she screamin' "Stop it..."
Got clips to stop shit, rock shit and grab this hot shit
Wherever you shop bitch, Fuzz Scooter '97 crop pick
Sick a-ya'll niggaz lookin' at me like I got tits
I shoot a rocket through your optic
You niggaz still don't know the top pick?
I got bricks, lose my foot in your ass
And have you shittin' socks bitch!
We rock shit, leave your fuckin' knot split
Grab the green from Al by showin' him hot grits
(No one...)
Ain't nobody iller than me
[Bizzare]
It's the Mr. Fuzzy from the 313
No one, no one is iller than me
It's Eminem and Swift from the 313
No one, no one is iller than me
It's Fuzz and Buzz-arre from the 313
You have now witnessed 4 ill emcees!
From the home of potholes and trash
We'll lyrically blast...

_____
If I go a million miles away
I'd write a letter each and every day
Cause honey ain't nothing, nothing
Can ever change this love I have for you!
Make me weep and you can make me cry
See me coming and you can pass me by
But honey ain't nothing, nothing
Can ever change this love I have for you!
You're the apple of my eye
You're cherry pie
And oh you're, cake and ice cream
Oh you're sugar and spice
And everything nice
You're the girl of my dreams!
If you wanted to leave me and roam
When you got back, I'd just say welcome home
Cause honey ain't nothing, nothing
Can ever change this love I have for you!
I know, I know, I know, I know, I know
That nothing, nothing, nothing
Could ever, change the love I have for you!

_____
THIS IS A NELLY SONG
you betta watch out
who yo'
talkin' bout
runnin'
yo mouth
like ya
know me
you gonna
**** around
and check
why surely they
just call me show me.
why 1 on 1
ya can't hold me
if ya last name was haynes
only way
ya wear me out
is stretch my name on ya
pants no resident
of france but
ya swear i'm
from paris 106 karats told
'em naw
that's pure rich
just tryin' to compare
this ma
chain to yo' chain
i'm like spirit and motorola
no service
outta ya range
ya outta ya brains thinkin'
that i'mma
shout out ya name
you gotta come up wit betta
ways to
catch ya fame only
pressure's you's applyin is time to
ease off
fore i hit
ya from tha blind side and takin' ya sleeves off
as much
as we's lost
still hard ta please
boss don't be lyin' cryin' and
******* and
suckin' suck it up
as a loss cuz yo acts is wack
ya whole label is
wack and matta fact eh,eh, eh, hold that.

_____
Wuh
The bad..., the evil, the bad the evil.
Yo if it wasn't for your whip I'd have nothing to strip
If it wasn't for wrist's I'd have nothing to slit
If it wasn't for the shrooms I'd have nothing to chew
Im just fucking wit chu cause' I got nothing to do
[ Emienm ]
I came in the diner with skateboarders, placed orders, ate orderves,
and hit the waiter with plate warmers. Let you inhale the glock smell when im
ripping you wallet off, slippin the molatoff in your cocktail. Burning your
contracts, punch your acheing arm in the face messes his glasses and turned then to
contacts, your mothers so shit, if It's missin I took it, nurse look at this
straight jacket It's crooked!I go to jail and murder you from the cell, put a
knife in an envelope and have you stabbed in the mail. So how do you
describe someone with a dicapitated head when the rest of his bodys
still alive runnin.
[ d 12 ]
Comming with 5 gun men waiting to do a drive bye
so when u see the black 500 hide from it
for every hundred mc's rhyming about birds only
about two thirds are really saying it without words
yo you aint a thug i can make u bitch up
pick the 5th up cock spit you swear u aint afraid of slugs
im the hottest shit in the industry, i got every thug on the block
to get a wind of me defending me
you lack class of respect get a derect back blast
the bad and evil bad rap i cover the bad half
u know how thuggin this shit will end up spin around lift ur chin up
u get hit ten down and ten up i take it if u run ur mouth u wanna get sent up
heat it up ull be licking blood and spittin flem up now we rivles cause of a
small name and title u step got devile and a flower in a rifle
Yo if it wasn't for your whip I'd have nothing to strip
If it wasn't for wrist's I'd have nothing to slit
If it wasn't for the shooms I'd have nothing to chew
Im just fucking wit chu cause' I got nothing to do (repeat)
[Eminem]
Forget a chorus my metephors are so complicated it takes 6 minutes
to get an applose and by the time u all catch on im an intercarrer
and walk away with the whole floors so u have nothing to fall back on
throw u off of ten floors pull the fucking headach outta my head put it in urs
im indoors waiting for desastors to seep in my skin pours
go outdoors and do some instores this bitch wanted to blow me
i said i thought it happend swallow my tounge bitch ( no but i gotta napkin)
gettin skully when im outographing got my daughter laughing cuz i sent her mother
white water rafting im not a fact im a proven fear Mr.Rogers blocking my new wall
screaming (u aint moving here)  the rain of bobing come here u want a suveneer?
how about i havnt fucked since i was a juvenear, juvinile, same difference i need some
kegs cuz i aint siffin i woke up to 7 slaving infants brian implants and they say
thers a slim chance i wont stay the same because i traded brains with a chimpanzee
[D12]
Walking in this swop bar with the M16 offored the blood
shove a gun in the mouth of a thug to break braces u said grace
and make faces i was playa haten break you in 8 places
take paces turn around draw in a stand off size 8 ice in my fame
blowing your hand off dancing with the devil leaving i aint dieing
im never leaving i pledge to leave just to ever breathing
street niggas well guess what? im meats bigger! fake ass thugs with
toy guns a cheap triggers with a death wish thinking im the nigga to mess with
lets attack lit the reck chest hit melt your neckless
for instance you just a hedgemen  on tough soil Affolloan never had
heart he just loyal, thugs in glass doors i see threw em put the heat to em
be careful you might get what u asked for!
Yo if it wasn't for your whip I'd have nothing to strip
If it wasn't for wrist's I'd have nothing to slit
If it wasn't for the shooms I'd have nothing to chew
Im just fucking wit chu cause' I got nothing to do (repeat)
The bad.... the evil... the bad.... the evil

_____
[Royce] What? Uhh..
[Em] The Bad..
[Royce] Yeah..
[Em] The Evil..
[Royce] Right, yo
[Em] put em together
[Royce the 5-9, Eminem]
[Royce] Yo if it wasn't for your whip, I'd have nothin to strip
[Em] If it wasn't for a wrist, I'd have nothin to slit
If it wasn't for the shrooms, I'd have nothin to chew
[Royce] Yo..
[both] I'm just fuckin with you, cause I got nothin to do
[Eminem]
I am bored!!!!!
I came in the diner with skateboarders, and placed orders
Ate hors d'oeuvres, and hit the waiter with plate warmers *crash sound*
Let you inhale the glock smell, while I'm rippin your wallet off 
And slippin a Molotov in your Cocktail (take that)
Burnin your contracts, punch your A R in the face *punch sound*
Smash his glasses and turn em to contacts
I'm on some shook shit, if it's missin I took it (whoops!)
Nurse look at this straightjacket, it's crooked!
I go to jail and murder you from a cell
Put a knife in an envelope and have you stabbed in the mail (FedEx)
So how do you describe someone, with a decapitated head 
When the rest of his body's still alive RUNNIN?
[Royce]
Comin with five gunmen, waitin to do a drive-by
So when you see the black 500 (what?) hide from it
For every hundred MC's rhymin about birds
Only about two-thirds'd really set it without words
Yo you ain't a thug, I can make you bitch up
Pick the fifth up, cock, spit, you would swear it's rainin slugs (what?)
I'm the hottest shit in the industry (uh)
I got every thug on the block that get a wind of me defendin me
You lack class and respect, get a direct backblast
The Bad and Evil mad rap, I cover the Bad half
You know how a thug in this shit'll end up
Spit a round, lift your chin up, you get hit, ten down and ten up (what?)
I take it if you run your mouth, then you wanna get sent up
Heat it up, you be leakin blood and spittin phlegm up
Now we rivals, cause of a small name or title
You stepped, got devoured and left with a flower and bible
[Royce the 5-9, Eminem]
[Royce] Yo if it wasn't for your whip, I'd have nothin to strip
[Em] If it wasn't for a wrist, I'd have nothin to slit
If it wasn't for the shrooms, I'd have nothin to chew
[Royce] Yo..
[both] I'm just fuckin with you, cause I got nothin to do
[Royce] Yo if it wasn't for your whip, I'd have nothin to strip
[Em] If it wasn't for a wrist, I'd have nothin to slit
If it wasn't for the shrooms, I'd have nothin to chew
[Royce] Yo..
[both] I'm just fuckin with you, cause I got nothin to do
[Eminem]
*yawns* Forget a chorus -- my metaphors are so complicated 
It takes six minutes to get applause (yay)
And by the time you all catch on, I'ma end your career 
And walk away with the whole floor so you have nothin to fall back on!
I'll throw you off of ten floors .. *AHHHHHHH*
Pull a fuckin headache outta my head, and put it in yours (take this)
I'm indoors, waitin for this acid to seep in my skin pores
To go outdoors and do some in-stores
This bitch wanted to blow me, I said,  It oughta happen.
You swallow cum bitch?   No, but I brought a napkin
Gettin skullie while I'm autographin
Got my daughter laughin cause I sent her mother Withewater raftin
I'm not a fact, I'ma proven fear
Mr. Rogers blocked up my U-haul screamin, 
Wait, wait, wait.. you ain't movin here!
Lorena Bobbitt, c'mere, want a souveneir?
I've been high as fuck, since I was a juvi-neer
Juvenile? Same difference -- I need some 'caine 
Cause I ain't sniffed since I woke up the seven slain infants
(Oh my God!) Brain implants and they say there's a slim chance
I won't stay the same cause I traded brains with a chimpanz'
[Royce]
Walkin in swamp water with an M-16, out for the blood
Shove a gun in the mouth of a thug
To break braces, you say grace and make faces
I'll display hate and break you in eight places (what?)
Take paces, turn around draw in a standoff
Precise aim, icin my fame, blowin your hand off
Dancin with the Devil leadin - I won't die, I'm never leavin (what?)
I pledge allegiance to forever breathin
Street niggaz with nuts, what? My meat's bigger (what?)
Fake-ass thugs with toy guns and cheap triggers
With a deathwish, thinkin I'm the nigga to mess with
Let the tech lift, direct chest hit, melt your necklace
For instance, you just a henchmen, on tough soil (what?)
A follower never had heart, he just loyal
Thugs is glass doors, I see through em, put the heat to em
Be careful you might get what you ask for
[Royce the 5-9, Eminem]
[Royce] Yo if it wasn't for your whip, I'd have nothin to strip
[Em] If it wasn't for a wrist, I'd have nothin to slit
If it wasn't for the shrooms, I'd have nothin to chew
[Royce] Yo..
[both] I'm just fuckin with you, cause I got nothin to do
[Royce] Yo if it wasn't for your whip, I'd have nothin to strip
[Em] If it wasn't for a wrist, I'd have nothin to slit
If it wasn't for the shrooms, I'd have nothin to chew
[Royce] Yo..
[both] I'm just fuckin with you, cause I got nothin to do
[Em] The Bad.. the Evil..
The Bad.. the Evil..

_____
[Eminem]
Naw(Naw)
We ain't done
I love bein? hated, it's great it
Let's me know that I made it
I wouldn't have it no other way
I wouldn't trade it for the world
Only lets me know that I'm loved
By so many other motherfuckers
That hate you in this buzz
You keep fuckin? with us
We keep fuckin? you up
And keep pullin? the rug from up under you
And what's even more fucked up
Is we enjoy what were doin? so much
There ain't nothin? that we love more
Than pullin? your skirts up
And exposin? you hoes so much
People are startin? to wonder
What's up with the fuckin?
Wonder Woman underoos?
Do onto others as you will have done onto you
So who the fuck you motherfuckers gonna run to?
When someone runs up with a mask
And puts a gun to you
You will ask yourself how come your mans
Didn't enter the last round that he had
In Curtis Jackson's ass while he had the chance
You keep askin? us to keep it on wax, but we can't
This is past any rationalization
We have captured national media attention
Conversation is senseless, you can sense the tension
Start buildin? soon as we enter the 106 and Park Building
Someone's gonna get killed
And I swear to God if someone so much as even
Touches one of my people I'll put a million on his head
And you ain't got the funds to match or counteract it
But I rather rap than get into this gangster shit
And it ain't because I'm a bitch
It's cause I ain't a bitch
I don't endanger people that I'm with
I'm a general
I ain't Bush
I don't send my soldiers to war if I ain't there
In the middle of this shit with em
So when I do get em
Orders to storm your head quarters
You be fuckin? with a
[Swifty]
A beat keeper, so you ain't eager
To greet this lyrical meat cleaver
That'll eat ya, niggers wanna keep speakin?
Like it ain't even that deep
I got heat that'll sweep a nigger's streets
So ya wouldn't fuck with me neither
Only heaven can help ya
I be searchin? for ya longer
Than The Legend of Zelda
Without a failure
It's gonna be Hell to tell the
Captain that a basset hound
Couldn't even smell ya
Body wanna hide ya
I'll be on that mob shit
You another hopper
Under the Renaissance, bitch
You get bombed like Lebanon with
On tactic
I'll snatch your head like one Saddam's men
[Obie Trice]
Motherfucker, I'll handle you
We can have it out on any avenue
An Average Man, flipped into an animal
Shoot out ya mandibles
Cannons and ammunition reload
With precision, nigger know the mechanicals
Break the pistol down you should see them handles
The streets taught the child no read up manuals
Pushin? crack valves, young Nino Brown
Chasin? green is the dream
When you're young and brown
Bound to be a problem child
Look what I'm involved in now
A Dozen Dirty niggers and they all get down
I'll solve any problem that enlarge
When I was on revolvers
We all get down
[Kuniva]
While you punchin' and tacklin' punks
I'm handlin' chumps, packin' the pump
That's longer than the elephant's trunk
On the streets I'm the beast, I'll feast
Upon the weak, so speak beef
I'll shoot you and scream
Increase the peace
The monster, pistol packin'
Pushin' niggers off they Hondas
Stomp ya, get it crackin'
Yankin' bitches for they Ganja
Sneaky as fuck
I don't think mamma beat me enough
When she was sleepin? and stuff
I was stealin? the keys to the truck
Shut the fuck up
Before you end up dead in the dump truck
Or in the streets takin? a nap
Bleedin? and locked up
You want what?
Like M Bleak with this heat
If your ten deep, then fuck
It'll be ten asleep
[Proof]
Don't mess with my alasnke
Don't tussle with my aspe
Clutch your burner
Bust it and watch your man bleed
We ferocious, toast, don't host us
Approach us
Through heat straight from the shoulders
We the soldiers, you're the youngster's
Youngster's among
Aren't ya dead in the dumpster?
Say to the monster head full of drama
You scared of the trauma
Vomit to monster
(Woof!) I'm back nigger
(Poof) I reappear
Shoot like, you ain't seein? clear
Blackness, carcass, cover with catfish
We mercers with no purpose
Other than practice
[Bizarre]
Theirs three things I hate
Liars, fakes, and cheaters
Alcohol, and sluts, and fuckin? wife beaters
I guess that describes my life
I don't even know whose song this is
Bitch, Bizarre don't give a fuck
About no Hip-Hop
At my release party
In a pink tank top in Reebok's
This Ja Rule beef, I'm not gettin? in
I need an R&B singer
To sing at my weddin? (Say yeah)
I'll turn your face into a fuckin' meat patty
I'll fuck your mommy
And go fishin? with your granny
I'll shit on you
I'll pee on R Kelly too
This is Bizarre
See you in Devil's Night 2

_____
i lost her in a flash of a second
she left coz she didnt like my shit.
she walked down the street,
tappin them feet,
rhymin a tune,
in blue lagoon
*chorus*
Fit and fit as fit can be,
blonde and tall,she loved me
but,although,she had her wits,
and,also,she had big tits!
could i have been so dumb,
well,yeah, i was bred from my mum!
*bridge*
why'd i have to treat her bad?
why'd i end up makin her sad?
she must hate me,
why does this be?
ode to a lost love
*chorus*
she was sweet,as sweet can be,
looked after Hailie,for me
liked my music,
and my dick
why'd i treat her bad?
*chorus*
*bridge*
chorus to fade

_____
&#65279;Uh, uh, uh, play that shit
What the fuck you doing Stretch
Gotta stretch your neck
You better protect it
I'mma inspect today
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ho, ho
Where's my words at
Yo see Slim Shady yo, where the birds at
Me and Flip the middle ones
Rappers get these little ones in they mouth
These little nuts, yeah
Shit, I don't care I ain't afraid to admit it
I got a little dick yeah, but so do you
You scared to admit it
You won't spit it on this mother friggen mic
Cause I will strike and smack your ass like a friggen fag
And I don't care if you get offended
I never pretended to rock this microphone beef
You wanna start it now we'll end it
Cause when I slip in the zone up on this microphone
People want me to do a written rap but fuck that go home
I don't really give a damn I'll kick right off of the top
And everything that I drop always gonna remain hot
Let on the spot, Slim, I mean woops, Grim it's when im dim
Yo, I'm in affect mode
Rappers get they neck sewed
Get they whole threshold fucked up
Get they game presto
Ha, ha
I busted, I kill it, I crush it, I do it, the fluid, I spill it, I'm ill wit
These motherfucking rhymes that I be coming with there running with me
Kick you in the motherfucking stomach shit
Cause you don't want none of it
Rappers always try but they always die
And rappers always stuck to me and tried to lie
(Arf, Arf)
Yo, where my dogs at
Yo (err, ribbit) where my frogs at
In the house, It really doesn't matter cause I still turn it out
When I step on this mic, smacking your spouse
Ha, Ha
The illest MC to come off the top
When I get this drum off
Yo Strech give me a break, let me catch my friggen breath
And till` the death, bust rhymes till` there's none left
I'm wanted for theft and robbery
And probably smack a bitch up in the lobby G
Cause she don't want none of me
I'm the illest MC to ever hold a cordless on the planet earth and you'll see
That I'm from the friggen D
Ya'll don't get my point I'm from Detroit
Smoking fake grass like a joint
That's the first simplest rhyme I ever said in my life
But, at the end of the night I'll still be fucking your wife
Shit, I really don't care your style needs to switch
Cause you ain't rich, that's why you ain't rich
Remain underground, can't come off the top
You can't drop rhymes nonstop like this
I might twist my friggen dick up in your ear
Rappers always wanna stand clear
I'm a motherfucking landmine
Ya'll don't understand mine
I'm Slim Shady showing out like my tan line
Ha, ha
The illest MC to rhyme
Every time the illest MC of our time
I rhyme time and time twice but I'm nice
With this mic device I slice right through your Adams apple
I had a Snapple and a motherfriggen syringe
Up in the bathroom I shouldn't have but yo I boinked
To any MC up in this shit who want some
To any MC who wanna step up and get some
Get done, fuck competition
Let me catch my breath one more time
Yo, I'm on a mission
To stomp any MC comp I just trunked
And swamp is this truamp unheard, no its not
Yo, but here I go with this lyrical, lyricols, spiritual flows, that I slow
Driving MC's crazy, Slim Shady, up in your motherfucking radio baby

_____
[Eminem]
No matter what people say
I'm gon keep rappin this way
No matter what you may think
I'm gon keep doin my thing
[Eminem]
I'm almost as famous as fat bald men
Decided to write songs to teach Mouseketeers to sing
I stick Britney Spears in a room full of mirrors
So she gets fifty years of bad luck [crash]
Causing terror to Christina Aguilera
When I grab her by the hair and drag her across the Sahara
Beware of this rap terrorist with a therapist
With a hair up his ass like a rabbit crawled in his pants
Gotta have it, I hold Tylenol in his hands
Til it melts in his fuckin palms and dissolves in his glands
[So who is it?] The fool who visit the playground
Wit two biscuits to lay down the school district
Get pistol whipped wit a Mauseburg
Wit a pistol grip and fed pitbulls shit
Sniff glue sticks like I give two shits
If I get too rich, I just get sued
[Redman]
Yo, I leave wit no injure, after I blow four in ya
One handstand on top of yo' ninja
Crash it, [ERRRR] Doc stir the madness
Til y'all outta work like Tony Atlas
Walkin, cans in the laundry basket
America's most with the army after us
Fuck flossin, we take what's yours
A low fifteen like a ace in four
I'm outta work, but Doc laid them off
[Shit, the power's out] The tape is off
Yo, you targeted from arsonists
Papermate pens filled wit arsenic
I got hoes that don't know what Prada is
Doc could shape up, touch your barber miss
Betty you wit a bloody blade
I turn rap camps into Crystal Lake
Fuck bitches face is what I'ma do
Cuz that what Withe boy Tano do
[Eminem]
So how is everybody doin tonight?
Hope you're in the mood to get drunk and scream in a fight
Cuz uh, we gettin down for the fuck of it
So suck my dick if y'all don't wanna bump to this... Off the Wall!!
[Redman]
Yo, so how is everybody feelin tonight?
Hope you're in the mood to get rude and ill in a fight
Cuz uh, we gettin down for the fuck of it
So suck my dick if you don't wanna bump... Off the Wall!!
[Eminem]
No matter what people say
I'm gon keep rappin this way
No matter what you may think
I'm gon keep doin my thing
[Redman]
Yo, you could buy Jaz spittin', hospital, son admit it
Rip your lips off, kiss my ass wit it
Slap bitches, got Marshall Maths [printin]
Weed, X, and the acid tabs did it
I was happenin wit no rerun
Doc rob the neuro when the heat come
My barrel hang out the Camaro
Aimed at the nose of them hoes it's hard to breathe from
Flash the gat, your town, bogardin'
Yo' wallet, your chain the main target
Beef is like cold engine, don't start it
Bust in the air and hit a airplane pilot
We clowned you, rap surround sounds around you
From ten speed and brown shoe
Doc and Eminem, cock the M & M
Blood flows with 2Pacalypse and them
[Eminem]
It's like, Funk Doctor meets the punk rocker
Got the drugs stopped inside the lunch box [uhh]
Pop junk like I just got jumped
Popped the trunk and pulled out the shotgun pump
Knock wood, it's all good, thank God for Vodka
Cuz wit my luck, I'll probably get shot by a stalker
Probably got a fanatic waitin upstairs in the attic
Wit a automatic callin me up there
My man Stan wit a gat in his hand
Stakin my house out in a tan tinted Sedan
He pull your mouth out til you can't finish a damn
Ham sandwich, or your can spinach and Spam
Til you gotta sip through a straw, shoplifted a mall
Pictures of me on my mom's living room wall
Hey ma, maybe I'll give you a call
Sike you fuckin bitch, suck a dick and two balls
I'm givin you all my job descrip'
Which is a bitch, bitches the priest offered this
Pop more pills than police officers
Arrive at the scene and pull me off of Kim
Teeth off my dick, hands off my balls
But y'all can kiss my ass, pants off and all
Cuz I'm so goddamn off the wall
I might as well as be a painting smashed on the floor
[Redman]
So how is everybody feelin tonight?
Hope you're in the mood to get rude and ill in a fight
Cuz uh, we gettin down for the fuck of it
So suck my dick if you don't wanna bump to this... Off the Wall!
[Eminem]
So how's everybody doin tonight?
Hope you're in the mood to get drunk and scream in a fight
Cuz uh, we gettin down for the fuck of it
So suck my dick if y'all don't wanna bump to this... Off the Wall!
[Eminem]
No matter what people say
I'm gon keep rappin this way
No matter what you may think
I'm gon keep doin my thing
No matter what people say
I'm gon keep doin my thing
No matter... oh

_____
[Manny Fresh]
Yeah, mmm hmmm
This one goes out to all the pretty young ladies out there
in pretty young lady land mmm hmmm see what I'm sayin
I want you to just peep over your shoulders hunny... ya see
[Manny Fresh]
Now lets get it understood (Oh Yeah)
That I'm a treat her real good (Oh Yeah)
And I'm a love her all my life (Oh Yeah)
And keep her flooded with ice (Oh Yeah)
Now just take my hand (Oh Yeah)
You'se my woman I'm your man (Oh Yeah)
Now you the one that I done chose (Oh Yeah)
And I don't love them other hoes (Oh Yeah)
Now make them niggas understand (Oh Yeah)
You already got a man (Oh Yeah)
You need a player that's strong (Oh Yeah)
And that'll never do you wrong (Oh Yeah)
And if them boys try to touch (Oh Yeah)
You should kick them in the nuts (Oh Yeah)
Cause them tittys just right (Oh Yeah)
Make a player wanna bite (Oh Yeah)
Cause I'm your one and only lover (Oh Yeah)
And we gon' have to use a rubber (Oh Yeah)
Now look what we done did (Oh yeah)
Messed around and had some kids (Oh Yeah)
[Chorus]
Daddy...You make me feel like a star
Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah
Daddy... Can I get the keys to the car?
Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah
You rollin' with me, I'm rollin with you
Daddy it's what ever you wanna do
You rollin' with me, I'm rollin with you
Daddy it's what ever you wanna do
You rollin' with me, I'm rollin with you
Daddy it's what ever you wanna do
You rollin' with me, I'm rollin with you
Daddy it's what ever you wanna do
[Baby]
(Ey, Ey, Ey)
I got swine on the seats (Oh Yeah)
24's on my feets (Oh Yeah) (Lil Ones)
Lets thump in my ride (Oh Yeah)
And mommy stay fly (Oh Yeah)
Boy I'm the nieghborhood king (Oh Yeah)
Y'all know it I'm a cost your king (Oh Yeah)
I mean I say ya love my style (Oh Yeah)
I throw partys buck wild (Oh Yeah)
Daddy I'm the number 1 stunna (Oh Yeah)
And I shine every summa (Oh Yeah)
Boy know I have to change my paint (Oh Yeah)
Cuz that stock shit stink (Oh Yeah)
Ey,Ey, Re-do the inside (Oh Yeah)
25 inch rims in tide (Oh Yeah)
I keep them strapped and shy (Oh Yeah)
New Benz cause mommy so fly (Oh Yeah)
[Chorus]
Daddy...You make me feel like a star
Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah
Daddy... Can I get the keys to the car?
Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah
You rollin' with me, I'm rollin with you
Daddy it's what ever you wanna do
You rollin' with me, I'm rollin with you
Daddy it's what ever you wanna do
You rollin' with me, I'm rollin with you
(Big Tymers, Boo and Gotti alright?)
Daddy it's what ever you wanna do
You rollin' with me, I'm rollin with you (hello, shy-town)
Daddy it's what ever you wanna do
[Gotti]
Dude if it's blue it get copped (Oh Yeah)
From the drops to the watch to the rocks (Oh Yeah)
Whoa that block gettin hot (Oh Yeah)
Got those so I'm coppin that yaht (Oh Yeah)
Now I'm frozen like and ice box (Oh Yeah)
Brotha Jacks and the Jordan, Mike hot
And I'm still street my pop (Oh Yeah)
If I'm ever in a tight spot (Oh Yeah)
[Boo]
Yeah I'm rollin with the flyers (Oh Yeah)
Just back seat ridin' (Oh Yeah)
You know nigga be drivin' (Oh Yeah)
Wit two freaks inside it (Oh Yeah)
So we with the Big Tymers (Oh Yeah)
You betta' warn your baby momma'(Oh Yeah)
Cause Boo and Gotti causin' problems (Oh Yeah)
So Just back up off us (Oh Yeah)
[Chorus until fade]

_____
Out in the world on my own
don't like to be here bymyself
looking for something inside me
that will guide me in direction of hope
don't like to be out in the world on my own
(chorus)
Cuz i don't wanna live my life like something i don't know
Can't find that thing inside of me that will help me grow
Can't stand to live... out in the world on my own
Feeln sry for myself
cause i can't be where i wanna be
left out by myself
hoping and wondering for the perfect day
don't like to be out in the world on my own
cause i don't wanna live my life like sumtn i don't know
can't find that thing inside of me that will help me grow
can't stand to live out in the world on my own
....................................
music
....................................
(repeat chorus)
out in the world on my own

_____
(feat. Dr. Dre, 50 Cent)
[Intro- 50 Cent]
Shady Aftermath
G-Unit!
[Chorus- Eminem]
Cause we came here to set this party off
Right let's bounce tonight
And if they don't let us in through the front
We'll come through the side
Cause I don't ever wanna leave the game
Without atleast sayin good-bye
So all my people on my left
All my people on the right swing one last time
Get ya ass up for the doctor
One more time get ya ass up for the doctor
Come on here we go cliff hanger
It's another club banger got ya hangin on the edge of ya seat
Get on down
[Verse 1]
[Dr. Dre]
Time's up game's over you lose I win
Bout to show these knuckleheads how to do this here
Ooh yea new year next phase begin
Look who's got you goin crazy again
I'm a trend I set one everytime I'm in
I go out and just come back full circle again
You a fad, that means you're somethin that we already had
But once you're gone you don't come back
[Eminem]
Too bad you're off the map now, radar can't even find you
We stay on the grind you slip we out grind you
You walk around mad you let your anger blind you
We walk around just playin the violin behind you
Enough with all the pissin and moanin, whinin and bitchin
Sittin observed, listen you'll learn if you pay attention
While 10 multi-platinum albums lay the three diamond
World wide we on the charts with a bullet we're still flyin
[Chorus- Eminem]
Cause we came here to set this party off
Right let's bounce tonight
And if they don't let us through the front
We'll come through the side
Cause I don't wanna ever leave the game
Without atleast sayin good-bye
So all my people on my left
All my people on my right swing one last time
When Dr. Dre says crunk you will get it crunk
Get it crunk (Crunk crunk crunk)
And when 50 Cent says jump
You will get on one foot and (Jump jump jump)
[Verse 2]
[Dr. Dre]
The buzz is tremendous we drop you all just sense it
I don't gotta promote it for you to know the Doc is off the benches
[Eminem]
We keep the party rockin off the hinges
We ain't showin off, we just goin off popular concenses
[Dr. Dre]
But critics say the Doc is soft, Doc is talk
The Doc is all washed up knock it off
Who the fuck is Doc impressin
Doc is this Doc is that you got the wrong impression
You must be on the cock of Doc cuz Doc left you all guessin
So DJ take the needle and just drop it on the record
We gonna have this mothafucka hoppin in a second
Thats why we always save the best cut last
To make a scratch and itch to it like fresh cut grass
[Eminem]
Cause we just playin with the sharks wrestlin with alligators
Spoke to a generation of angry teenagers whom if it wasnt for rap
Embraced the gat or maybe raised to be racist who may have never
Got to see our faces, graced the cover of Rolling stone pages
Broke down barriers of language and races, just call on the
Cape crusaiders and leave it to me and Dre to pass the mic
And we can play the back and forth all day like the hot potatoe game
Thats why we
[Chorus- Eminem]
Cause we came here to set this party off
Right let's bounce tonight
And if they don't let us through the front
We'll come through the side
Cause I don't wanna ever leave the game
Without atleast sayin good-bye
So all my people on my left
All my people on my right swing one last time
50 Cent come on!
[Verse 3]
[50 Cent]
Bounce now hands up you know how we do
We make the club jump everywhere we go
It's no secret everybody know when Dre's involved
There's plenty money involved
[Dr. Dre]
And plenty honies involved and sunny sunday's and palm trees
Cali everyday is just another party from the vallies
All the way to them 8 mile alleys
[Eminem]
Let's ralley hands up for the grand finale now raise up your seat
Dre's about to speak blaze a pound of weed six days about the week
[Dr. Dre]
You can catch me in the studio bangin out the ??
Provide you with the heat that keep blazin out ya speaker
[Eminem]
So never say never cuz Shady Aftermath together
Along with G-Unit records presents the return of the
The Doc and Shady no one can do it better
We tear the club up and leave without a shred of evidence of the
[Chorus- Eminem]
Cause we came here to set this party off
Right let's bounce tonight
And if they don't let us through the front
We'll come through the side
Cause I don't wanna ever leave the game
Without atleast sayin good-bye
So all my people on my left
All my people on my right swing one last time
[Outro- Eminem]
Still Aftermath
2006
And don't worry bout that detox album
It's comin, we gon make Dre do it
Ha ha
50 Cent, G-Unit, Obie Trice, D-Twizze
Stat Quo, Dr. Dre we ain't leavin let's go

_____
(feat. D12)
[Intro]
I told ya'll mothaf**kas I was comin back
What now ***** what now what
You's the projects *****
[Chorus- Eminem]
One shot two shot three shot four shot
All I hear is gunshots this is where the fun stops
Bodies drop hit the floor music's off
Parties stop, everybody hit the door someone's lickin shots off
[Verse 1- Bizarre]
You bitches is gone I'm dropped in the club
And I'm tryna run and get my mothaf**kin gun
(***** what about your wife)
***** f**k my wife I'm tryna run and save my mothaf**kin life
Oh shit the shoot is comin
Bitches, hoes *****s is runnin
People shot all over the floor
And I'm tryna make it to the ?? door
Thats the sound of the glock
Even DJ ?? f**ked around and go shot
I done messed around and forgot my tec
I don't see no body but Fab Five and Hex
[Verse 2- Kuniva]
(Kuniva you aight)
These *****s is trippin
(Where's Bizarre at?)
I'm tryna slip through the exit and get to where my car is at
Bitches screamin everywhere and *****s is wilin
Two minutes ago we was all jokin and smilin
This chick is clingin onto me sobbin and sighin
Sayin she didn't mean to diss me earlier and she cryin
But its real and cats is gettin killed
So I hugged her and used her body as a human shield
And she got hit now she yellin
(Don't leave me!)
I told her I'd be right back and the dumb bitch would leave me
I squeezed through the back door and made my escape
I ran and got my 38 I hope its not to late
[Chorus- Eminem]
One shot two shot three shot four shot
All I hear is gunshots this is where the fun stops
Bodies drop hit the floor music's off
Parties stop, everybody hit the door someone's lickin shots off
[Verse 3- Swifty]
(***** I been tryna call you all day mothaf**ka where you at?)
I'm on seven mile what the f**k was that
Damn somebody hit me from the back
(With they car?)
With a gat ***** and my tire is flat
And I just hit a pole, them *****s some hoes
(Is you hit?)
Iono but I can tell you what they drove
It was a black Mitzubeashe (sp?) wit
(Shit thats the clique we beefin wit I swear)
Man and I was on my way there
Believe me I'm leavin a carcus today
I'ma park my car and walk the rest of the way
I'm in the mood to strut, my AK ain't even tuck
I'ma meet you at the club we gon' f**k these hoes up
[Chorus- Eminem]
One shot two shot three shot four shot
All I hear is gunshots this is where the fun stops
Bodies drop hit the floor music's off
Parties stop, everybody hit the door someone's lickin shots off
[Verse 4- Eminem]
I never seen no shit like this is my life before
People will still camp out from the night before
Sleepin outside the door waitin in line
Still tryna get inside the club to see D12 perform
The fire marshall no, the van houston's small
People are wall to wall three thousand and some odd vans
And some come walk from out the parkin lot
Get into an argument over a parkin spot
He's about to pull his gun out and let's a few of 'em off
Missed who he's aimin for six feet away's the door
In St. Andrew's hall not a stray slidin all over the place
Sprays one bitch in the face another one of 'em came through the
wall
Before anyone could even hear the first shot go off
I'm posted up by the bar havin a Mozeltoff
Bullet wizzed right by my ear damn near shot it off
Thank god I'm alive I gotta find Denaun
And where the f**k is Von he usually tucks one on him
Wait a minute I think I just saw Bizarre
Nah I guess not, what the f**k oh my god it was
I never saw him run so fast in my life
Look at him haulin ass I think he left his wife
There she is on the ground bein trampled
I go to grab her up by the damn hand and I can't pull her
God damn there just went another damn bullet I'm hit
My vest is barely able to handle it, its to thin
If I get hit again I can't do it, I scoop deep
Follow Bizarre's path and ran through it
And made it to the front door and collapsed on the steps
Looked up and I seen Swift shootin it out
But I can't see who he's shootin it out with
But Denaun's right behind him squeezin his four fifth
[Chorus- Eminem]
One shot two shot three shot four shot
All I hear is gunshots this is where the fun stops
Bodies drop hit the floor music's off
Parties stop, everybody hit the door someone's lickin shots off
[Verse 5- Kon Artis]
It's Friday night came to this bitch right
Big ass to my left and Desert Eagle to my right
I ain't come in this bitch to party I came in this bitch to
fight
Although I can't stay here to fight cuz I'm poppin *****s
tonight
Thats right bitches I'm drunk with revenge
Shot a bouncer in the neck for tryna check when I get in
Swift told me to meet him here so its clear that this f**ka
Shoot out the back of his truck goes up in this mothaf**ka
So one shot for the money two's to stop the show
Third's for the bartender there's plenty of shots to go
(I just wanna know who's drivin a black mitzubeashes)
He tried to run so Proof shot him in the knee wit a three piece
[Chorus- Eminem]
One shot two shot three shot four shot
All I hear is gunshots this is where the fun stops
Bodies drop hit the floor music's off
Parties stop, everybody hit the door someone's lickin shots off

_____
you only just a dream boat sailing in my head.
you swim in secret ocean of coral blue and red
your smell is just so burning and touch in silent yet
its reaches to my skin, moving from within
and clothes at my breast
But its only when i sleep
see you in my dreams
You got me spinning round and round
turning upside down
I here you breath
somewhere in my sleep
you got me spinning round and round turning upside down
its only when I sleep
And when i wake from slumber see you in my dreams
your dream is just so borning surrounding my body
I working through the day time and when its time to bed
I lyin in my bed and listen to my breath
but its only when i sleep...
it reaches to my skin moving from within and...
its only when i sleep...

_____
Hey yo, what's up man? Hey, yo you been here all day man
Ya'll been here every weekend man,
I don't ever get a chance to rap first man!
That's cause you whack!
What?!? I ain't whack nigga, I got some raps for all ya'll
Nigga my raps fresh, I'ma bust my raps first,
you can bust yours after me if you want to
No no man, I'm going first,
I'm getting tired of everybody wanted to go first man
You always rap first,
I'm rapping I don't care what none of ya'll say,
I'm fresh, I'm fresh
Thyme:
Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out man I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know
I said who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out bitch I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know
Verse 1: Eminem
I'll have you taken back to Christ when you sacrifice
The way you acting slice when I tear your back with knifes
Jacking life's of MC's, now I'm set to launch a plan
For blowing up the stage with illegal contraband
A stomped your man so unless you want what he got
You better set the mic down, I'm steaming like a teapot
I'll make the tea hot, people get in my face and ask
If I wanna battle, then I chase them in a Jason mask
It's an amazing task to battle with success
I never gave a fuck, now I give a fuck less
And in a slug fest I get physical like physicians
Invisible like magicians with mystical mic traditions
Wicked wizardry, like a sorcerer and no remorse for you
When I torture you throughout the course of my orchestra
So feel the force of my spiritual images
Slicing up an enemy's appendages till he hemorrhages
My skin itches every time a rapper recites
And when he's through with his verse, I'm all covered in flea bites
You wanna see fights I got a match for you
You couldn't flip shit playing in toilets with a spatula
Chorus: Thyme
Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out man I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know
Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out bitch I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know
Verse 2: Eminem
You bitches get a hysterectomy disrespecting me
You wanna feel the full effect of me, hand a tech to me
Intellectually superior, I'll make the whack wearier
Inferior, deterior rate, like bacteria
Materially, killing serially, clearly you'll see
How much in fear when u hear me you'll be
Shiver and shake, quiver and quake
Bite a rhyme and rip it off then stiffer and ache, whither and break
You slithering snake, gibbering fake, fibbering flake
I'll twist you into a different shape
And toss you in Michigan Lake, for fisherman sake
If this is a dream you'd wish you can wake
Every dis you can take, personal
We ain't friends trying to make amends
If you ain't ever stole a gate you can take a fence
I make intense masterpieces and smash to pieces
Your last releases, you bad diseases, that's the reason
I'm showing you the proper way to operate a mic
So pass it like a hot potato
I've never been less than clever and fresh
Severing flesh of fools who never impressed I can confess
Chorus: Thyme
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out man I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know
Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic man and said that you can flow?
Point him out bitch I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and then said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know
Whhhooo the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out!!  I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know
Ayo let me get that mic man?
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Who the fuck passed you the mic, who the fuck passed you the mic!!
I got the rhymes bitch, I'll kick that shit

_____
Hey yo, what's up man? Hey, yo you been here all day man
Ya'll been here every weekend man,
I don't ever get a chance to rap first man!
That's cause you whack!
What?!? I ain't whack nigga, I got some raps for all ya'll
Nigga my raps fresh, I'ma bust my raps first,
you can bust yours after me if you want to
No no man, I'm going first,
I'm getting tired of everybody wanted to go first man
You always rap first,
I'm rapping I don't care what none of ya'll say,
I'm fresh, I'm fresh
[Thyme:]
Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out man I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know
I said who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out bitch I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know
[Verse 1: Eminem]
I'll have you taken back to Christ when you sacrifice
The way you acting slice when I tear your back with knifes
Jacking life's of MC's, now I'm set to launch a plan
For blowing up the stage with illegal contraband
A stomped your man so unless you want what he got
You better set the mic down, I'm steaming like a teapot
I'll make the tea hot, people get in my face and ask
If I wanna battle, then I chase them in a Jason mask
It's an amazing task to battle with success
I never gave a fuck, now I give a fuck less
And in a slug fest I get physical like physicians
Invisible like magicians with mystical mic traditions
Wicked wizardry, like a sorcerer and no remorse for you
When I torture you throughout the course of my orchestra
So feel the force of my spiritual images
Slicing up an enemy's appendages till he hemorrhages
My skin itches every time a rapper recites
And when he's through with his verse, I'm all covered in flea bites
You wanna see fights I got a match for you
You couldn't flip shit playing in toilets with a spatula
[Chorus: Thyme]
Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out man I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know
Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out bitch I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know
[Verse 2: Eminem]
You bitches get a hysterectomy disrespecting me
You wanna feel the full effect of me, hand a tech to me
Intellectually superior, I'll make the whack wearier
Inferior, deterior rate, like bacteria
Materially, killing serially, clearly you'll see
How much in fear when u hear me you'll be
Shiver and shake, quiver and quake
Bite a rhyme and rip it off then stiffer and ache, whither and break
You slithering snake, gibbering fake, fibbering flake
I'll twist you into a different shape
And toss you in Michigan Lake, for fisherman sake
If this is a dream you'd wish you can wake
Every dis you can take, personal
We ain't friends trying to make amends
If you ain't ever stole a gate you can take a fence
I make intense masterpieces and smash to pieces
Your last releases, you bad diseases, that's the reason
I'm showing you the proper way to operate a mic
So pass it like a hot potato
I've never been less than clever and fresh
Severing flesh of fools who never impressed I can confess
[Chorus: Thyme]
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out man I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know
Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic man and said that you can flow?
Point him out bitch I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and then said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know
Whhhooo the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out!! I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know
Ayo let me get that mic man?
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Who the fuck passed you the mic, who the fuck passed you the mic!!
I got the rhymes bitch, I'll kick that shit

_____
[E] = eminem as eminem
[D] = eminem as his mom
Here's the story... Of a little boy
Growing up in a suburban home
Tryin to cope with everyday life
He lives in a little house
That was built in the middle of the street
[E]
Hey mom tupac's on the juke box
[D]
Somebody shot 2 cops
And raped a little girl watchin news watch
[E]
Nuh ahh they were tryna frame 'em
[D]
You and that Tu Pac shakur
[E]
No that ain't how you say his name mom
You're so lame.. Dont you know anything?
[D]
Yeah i know you probably doin joint in a gang
[E]
Yeah right, I'm out wheres my fuckin walkman at?
[D]
Stop Cussin at me!
[E]
Shut up bitch!
[D]
Quit Talkin Black!!!
[E]
Well slammed the door and I'm out
Now what? It's probably warm in the house
Fuck, I forgot my jacket
I forgot it was winter
I'm Gettin Thinner
I'm hungry, is mom cookin dinner?
Mom let me back in i forgot my coat!
Mom come on I'm not playin its cold!
Aight sorry I need a jacket
Mom look! My TuPac tape I just cracked it!
Mom please let me back in
It is TuPac Shakur
I just asked him!
I'm Freezing (*sneeze*) I'm Sneezing
I'm breathing to much cold air
I'm Wheezing
I ain't did nothin
I ain't say im leaving
I said I'm goin on the front porch to get something!
(*cutting noises*)
[D]
Aight Here Take Your Damn Coat And Leave!
[E]
Fine I'll leav--Mom You Cut Off The Sleaves!!
(chorus)
Our house...
In the middle of the street
Our house...
In the middle of the street
Our house...
In the middle of the street
Our house...(1, 2 ,3)
In the middle of the street
[E]
My teacher's two faced
He went to lower all my school grades
Cuz last thursday i had a tooth ache  from kool-aid
So mom kicked me out
[D]
Get Out!!
[E]
All i had was my suitcase,
A shoelace, a tube sock
And a tube of toothpaste
Sometimes it was cool
Cuz i could go to a freinds
Crash there, fool around and just skip school
But other times I'd rather be home
In my own room, Alone
beatin my shit
And nobody would know
My little brother sucked on a bottle till he was six
So I'd hide it inside the couch and say
"I don't know where it is.."
But as soon as mom found it
I would either get grounded
Or kicked out of the house a thousand weeks
I'm still countin!
Even when I was under age......
Mom was tellin cops i was tryna run away......
I told her "Some day bitch, you gonna pay...."
Please mom please mom please I wanna stay....
(Let me stay!)
(chorus)
Our house...
In the middle of the street
Our house...
In the middle of the street
Our house...
In the middle of the street
Our house...(yo)
In the middle of the street
[E]
My brothers incoharent
Moms a single parent
Who ain't caring, Staring through me like I'm transparant
Made it clear that i was just there to run her errands
Told her friends that i was the son from her last marrage
Sent me up to the corner store with a little note
[D]
Please sell my stepson ciggarettes so i can smoke.
[E]
One time i tried to fake a stich to get attention..
Back fired and mom sent me to school with vengence
My life is the worst thing that could ever have happened to me
I go to class and every teachers always laughing at me
Mom says "white rappers always get laughed at"
Not only that, she heard me upstairs and i can't rap
But I'm stupid
I'll never make it average or a D+
I need to sit on my ass
And just sue people like she does
One time I got food poisening from a hotdog
Mom sued and got $2000 from Ballpark
Hey mom you got a doller?
[D]
I don't Think so
Now keep an eye on your brother,
I'm Going to bingo
[E]
But mom you said.. you were broke
[D]
who said?
You got your ears messed up (awwww)
From that damn rap music
(chorus to fade)
Our house...
In the middle of the street
Our house...
In the middle of the street
Our house...
In the middle of the street
Our house...
In the middle of the street
Our house...
In the middle of the street
Our house...
In the middle of the street
Our house...
In the middle of the street
Our house...
In the middle of the street
Our house...
In the middle of the street

_____
[Eminem]
Nah, we ain't done
I love bein hated, it great
It let's me know that I made it
I wouldn't have it no other way
I wouldn't trade it for the world
Only let's me know that I'm loved
by so many other motherfuckers that ain't you
And is bomb, as you keep fuckin with us, we keep fuckin you up
And keep pullin the rug from up under you
And what's even more fucked up, is we enjoy what were doin
so much there ain't nothin that we love more than +Pullin Your Skirts Up+
And exposin you hoes so much, people are startin to wonder
what's up with them fuckin one dough a man under rules
Do on to others as you will have done under you
So who the fuck you motherfuckers gonna run to
When someone runs up with a mask and puts a gun to you (*gun cocks*)
You gonna ask yourself, how come your mans
didn't enter that last round that he had in Curtis Jackson's ass while he had the chance
You keep askin us to keep it on wax but we can't
This is past any rationalization
We have captured national media attention
Conversation is senseless, you can sense the tension start buildin
soon as we enter the '106th & Park' building
Someone's gonna get killed and I swear to God
if someone so much as even touches one of my people
I'll put a million on his head
And you ain't got the funds to match or counteract it
But I'd rather rap than get into this gangsta shit
And it ain't because I'm a bitch
It's because I ain't a bitch, I don't endanger people that I'm with
I'm a general, I ain't Bush, I don't send my soldiers to war
If I ain't there in the middle of the shit with 'em, so when I do get 'em
Orders to storm your headquarters, you'll be fuckin with a ..
[Swifty McVay]
Fuckin with a piece keeper, see you a nigga that greet this lyrical meat cleaver
That'll eat ya, niggaz wanna keep speakin, like it ain't even that deep
I got heat that'll sweep a nigga street (*explosion*)
See I wouldn't fuck with me neither, only heaven can help ya
I'll be searchin for you longer than the "Legend of Zelda"
Without a failure, there's gonna be hell to tell the
captain that a bassett hound couldn't even smell ya
body, when I hide ya, I be on that mob shit
You another Hoffa, under the Renaissance bitch
You get bombed like Lebanon (*explosion*) with my own tactic
I snatch your head like one of Saddam's wigs
[Obie Trice]
Motherfucker, I'll handle you
We can have it out on any Avenue
A +Average Man+ flipped into an animal
Shoot out your mandibles
Cannons and ammunition, reload with precision
Nigga know the mechanicals
Break a pistol down, you should see them handles
The street taught the child, no read up manuals
Pushin crack vows, young Nino Brown
Chasin green is the dream, when your young and brown
Bound to be a problem child, look what I'm involved in now
A 'Dozen Dirty' niggaz and they all get down
Dissolve any problem that enlarge with ours
When revolvers we said "all men get out" (*gunshot*)
(Eminem: c'mon)
[Kuniva]
While your punchin and tacklin punks
I'm handlin chumps, packin a pump
that's longer than the elephant trunk (*gun cocks*)
On the streets I'm a beast, I feast upon the weak
So speak beef, I'll shot you and scream "increase the peace"
A monster, pistol packin pushin niggaz off they Hondas
Stomp ya, get it crackin, yankin bitches for they ganja
Sneaky as fuck, I don't think mama beat me enough
When she was sleep and stuff, I was stealin the keys to the truck
Shut the fuck up, before you end up dead in the dump truck
Or in the streets takin a nap, bleedin and lumped up
+Who Want What+ like M. Bleek, with this heat if you ten deep
Then fuck it, it will be ten sleepin (*gunshots*)
[Proof]
Don't muscle with my a land ski
Don't tustle with my hand speed
Clutch your burner, bust it and watch your man bleed
We ferocious, toast no holsters
Approach us, throw heat straight from the shoulders (c'mon, *gunshot*)
We the soldiers, y'all the youngsters (ha)
Youngsters lungs puncture, dead in a dumpster (*gunshot*)
Upstairs the Munster, hand full of drama
You scared of the drama, bomber the monster (*gun cocks*, boof)
I'm back nigga (Proof), I reappear
Shoot like (*gunshot*), you ain't seein clear
Blackness, carcass covered with cat fish
We murkers with no purpose other than practice (bitch)
[Bizarre]
There's three things I hate: liars, fakes and cheaters
Alcoholics, sluts and fuckin wife beaters
A gat that describes my life (damn)
I don't even know who song this is (scratched - *Obie Trice*)
Bitch, Bizarre don't give a fuck about no hip hop
At my release party in a pink tank top and Reeboks (*laughing*)
This Ja Rule beef I ain't gettin in
I'll need an R & B singer to sing at my wedding
I turn your face into a fuckin meat patty
I'll fuck your mommy and go fishin with your granny
I'll +Shit on You+, I'll pee on R. Kelly too
This is Bizarre, see you "Devil's Night 2"

_____
[chorus:]
I don't know what you heard about me
But a bitch can't get a dollar out of me
No Cadillac, no perms, you can't see
That I'm a motherfucking P-I-M-P
[repeat]
Now shorty, she in the club, she dancing for dollars
She got a thing for that Gucci, that Fendi, that Prada
That BCBG, Burberry, Dolce and Gabana
She feed them foolish fantasies, they pay her cause they wanna
I spit a little G man, and my game got her
A hour later, have that ass up in the Ramada
Them trick niggas in her ear saying they think about her
I got the bitch by the bar trying to get a drink up out her
She like my style, she like my smile, she like the way I talk
She from the country, think she like me cause I'm from New York
I ain't that nigga trying to holla cause I want some head
I'm that nigga trying to holla cause I want some bread
I could care less how she perform when she in the bed
Bitch hit that track, catch a date, and come and pay the kid
Look baby this is simple, you can't see
You fucking with me, you fucking with a P-I-M-P
[chorus]
I'm bout my money you see, girl you can holla at me
If you fucking with me, I'm a P-I-M-P
Not what you see on TV, no Cadillac, no greasy
Head full of hair, bitch I'm a P-I-M-P
Come get money with me, if you curious to see
how it feels to be with a P-I-M-P
Roll in the Benz with me, you could watch TV
From the backseat of my V, I'm a P-I-M-P
Girl we could pop some champagne and we could have a ball
We could toast to the good life, girl we could have it all
We could really splurge girl, and tear up the mall
If ever you needed someone, I'm the one you should call
I'll be there to pick you up, if ever you should fall
If you got problems, I can solve'em, they big or they small
That other nigga you be with ain't bout shit
I'm your friend, your father, and confidant, bitch
[chorus]
I told you fools before, I stay with the tools
I keep a Benz, some rims, and some jewels
I holla at a hoe til I got a bitch confused
She got on Payless, me I got on gator shoes
I'm shopping for chinchillas, in the summer they cheaper
Man this hoe you can have her, when I'm done I ain't gon keep her
Man, bitches come and go, every nigga pimpin know
You saying it's secret, but you ain't gotta keep it on the low
Bitch choose with me, I'll have you stripping in the street
Put my other hoes down, you get your ass beat
Now Nik my bottom bitch, she always come up with my bread
The last nigga she was with put stitches in her head
Get your hoe out of pocket, I'll put a charge on a bitch
Cause I need 4 TVs and AMGs for the six
Hoe make a pimp rich, I ain't paying bitch
Catch a date, suck a dick, shit, trick
[chorus]
Yeah, in Hollywoood they say there's no b'ness like show b'ness
In the hood they say, there's no b'ness like hoe b'ness ya know
They say I talk a lil fast, but if you listen a lil faster
I ain't got to slow down for you to catch up, bitch
Send this song to a friend - Print - Download MP3

_____
i once had a boyfriend,
he wasnt true to me,
when he toar me up inside
i thought it couldnt be,
chorus
so why, why do you tear me up,
why dont you keep my trust,
why dont you love me much
so whys the pain,
the pain is so deep inside
its so very hard to hide,
i thought it couldnt be
but now i see
you never really love me,
you never really cared,
so why should i even try,
to think of the things we shared,
chorus
what more do you want from me,
i gave you all the things i owed
i gave you all my heart and soul,
i gave you everything i wanted too
chorus
but now i see

_____
Your lyrics are shitty,
like when I cop a squat,
who told you you can fuck
with the mighty Papa Doc,
for steppin' on this stage
I should've rocked your knot,
don't get too close
or you might get shot.
Yo nigga call your moma
and tell her come get ya,
and if she knew it
she could bring her midget pops with her.
I put a hole on your head like a 12 guage
lookin' like kriss-kross jiggity jump your ass on stage.
Cuz I'm a grown man
son I'll slaughter you,
make yo mom wish
that her fat ass aborted you

_____
Yo lyrics are shitty
like when I pop a squat
who told you you can fuck
with the mighty Papa Doc
for steppin' on this stage
I shoulda rocked your knot
don't get too close
or you might get shot
Yo nigga call your momma
and tell her come get ya
and if she knew him
she could bring her midget pops with her
I'll put a hole on your head like a .12 guage
lookin' like kriss kross
Jiggity jump yo ass on stage
Cuz Im a grown man son
I'll slaughter you
make ya ma wish that her fat ass aborted you.

_____
[50 Cent]
Hey Em, you know you my favourite white-boy right??
Hah-hah
I owe you for this one
[50 Cent]
I been patiently waitin for a track to explode on (Yeah)
You can stunn if you want and yo ass'll get rolled on (It's 50)
It feels like my flow's been hot for so long (Yeah)
If you thinkin I'ma fuckin fall off you so wrong (It's 50)
[50 Cent]
I been pacin in my head
Like a baby born dead
Destination heaven
Sittin political passengers from 911
The lords blessins leave me lyrically inclined
Shit I ain't even got to try to shine
Gods to seamstress the tailor fitted my pane
I got scriptures in my brain
I can spit at yo dame
Straight out the good
Fuck, look niggas is shook
50 fear no man
Warrior, swing swords like conan
Picture me, pen in hand write lines
Knowin The Source will quote it
When i die
They'll read this and say a genius wrote it
I grew up without my pops
Should that make me bitter?
I caught cases I copped out, does that make me a quitter?
In this white mans world, I'm similar to a squirrel
Lookin for a slut wit a nice butt to get a nut
If I get shot today my phone'll stop ringin again
These industry niggas ain't friends
They know how to pretend
[50 Cent]
I been patiently waitin for a track to explode on (Yeah)
You can stunn if you want and yo ass'll get rolled on (It's 50)
It feels like my flow's been hot for so long (Yeah)
If you thinkin I'ma fuckin fall off you so wrong (It's 50)
[50 Cent]
I been patiently waitin for a track to explode on (Yeah)
You can stunn if you want and yo ass'll get rolled on (It's 50)
It feels like my flow's been hot for so long (Yeah)
If you thinkin I'ma fuckin fall off you so wrong (It's 50)
[Eminem]
We been patiently waiting to make it
Through all the hatin debatin?
Whether or not you can even weather the storm
Cuz you lay on the table
They operatin to save you
It's like an angel came to you
Sent from the heavens above
[Eminem]
They think they crazy but they ain't crazy
Let's face it
Shit basically they juss playin? sick
They ain't shit they ain't sayin? shit spray em? 50
A to the K get in the way
I bring Dre and them wit me
And turn this day into fuckin? mayhem u stayin? wit me?
Don't let me lose you
I'm not tryin to confuse you
When I let loose wit this uzi and just shoot through your isuzu
You get the message?
Am I gettin through to you?
You know its comin
You motherfuckers dont even know do you?
Take some Big and some Pac
And you mix them up in a pot
Sprinkle a little Big L on top
What the fuck do you got?
You got tha realest and illest killas tied up in a knot
The juggernauts of this rap shit
Like it or not
It's like a fight to the top
Just to see who died for the spot
You put your life in this
Nothin? like survivin? the shot
Y'all know what time it is
As soon as 50 signs on this dot
Shit what you know about death threats?
Cause I get a lot
Shady records was 80 seconds away from the towers
Them cowards fucked wit the wrong building
They meant to hit ours
Better evacuate all children
Nuclear showers there's nothin? spookier
Your now about to witness the power
Fuckin? 50
[50 Cent]
I been patiently waitin for a track to explode on (Yeah)
You can stunn if you want and yo ass'll get rolled on (It's 50)
It feels like my flow's been hot for so long (Yeah)
If you thinkin I'ma fuckin fall off you so wrong (It's 50)
[50 Cent]
The gun squad yall when the shots go off
It's 50 they say it's 50
See a nigga laid out wit his fuckin top blown off
It's 50 man that boy 50
Don't holla my name
[50 Cent]
You shouldnt throw stones if you live in a glass house
And if you got a glass jaw you should watch yo mouth
Cuz ill break yo face
Have yo ass runnin?
Mumblin to the J
If you go against me dawg you makin a mistake
I'll split you leave u lookin like the Michael Jackson jackets
Wit all them zippers
I'm the boss on this boat, you can call me Skipper
The way I turn the money over you, should call me Flipper
You a bitch a regular bitch
You callin? up wifey
I fucked and feed her fast food
You keepin her icey
I'm down to sell records
But, not my soul
Snoop said this in '94, we don't love them hoes
I got pennies for my dawgs now I'm rich
See the 20's spinnin lookin mean on the 6
Niggas wearin flags, cuz the colors match their clothes
They get caught in the wrong hood, and get filled up wit holes
Motherfucker?
[50 Cent]
I been patiently waitin for a track to explode on (Yeah)
You can stunn if you want and yo ass'll get rolled on (It's 50)
It feels like my flow's been hot for so long (Yeah)
If you thinkin I'ma fuckin fall off you so wrong (It's 50)
[50 Cent]
I been patiently waitin for a track to explode on (Yeah)
You can stunn if you want and yo ass'll get rolled on (It's 50)
It feels like my flow's been hot for so long (Yeah)
If you thinkin I'ma fuckin fall off you so wrong (It's 50)

_____
Paul Rosenberg Speaking On Answering Machine
Em, it's Paul, listen...
Joe Just called me and he told me you're in the fuckin
back behind the studio...
Shooting your gun off in the air like it's a shooting range...
I told you not to fuckin bring your gun around like an idiot...
Outside of your home, you're gonna get yourself in trouble...
DON'T BRING your gun outside of your home you can't
carry it on you...
Leave the fucking gun at home!
Phone hangs up

_____
(feat. Proof)
[Eminem:]
Yo yo, back again
hahaha
turn it up a lil bit, pick it up pick it up
yo pick it up pick it up
yo yo pick it up
If you find a phone call in a ten westward line what the hell you gon' do? (Pick it up! Pick it up!)
[Proof:]
If your ball falls out with a pad on the floor, what the hell you gon' do? (Pick it up! Pick it up!)
[Eminem:]
While i'm smackin' up girls to keep the hoes in check
The double S Slim Shady wreck the London set
Sit back and relax while my squad smokes crack
And tap your man back be like:
(You see that?)
Oh yes, comin' from the mother friggen mid west
Lift your shirt up and let me see them big breasts
We molest girls three times a day three times a night
I got G4s of criminal peoples
Jumpin' out when we ten deep
Beat you down and speed off in a benz jeep
Girls be like: Eminem changed his style up
Shut up the hell up i'm still seven mile slut!
it's 97 so get witt it
Peep that back in the day stuff on the Infinite tape resetin'
Listen, must we forget it
I originated all that ruff shit, that talk drug shit
That left mutha fuckas who said our sound is like horse shit
Detroit city is where I grew up bitch
Peace to all my outsiders and jers
Forget what you hurd this is three and one third
[Proof:]
If you have an STD and your penis falls on the floor, what the hell you gon' do? (pick it up! pick it up!)
(ahhh yeah yeah yeah pick it up pick it up)
If you see a Slim Shady tape on the fuckin' rack, What is Dre gunna go? (ooohhhh)
(On the uckin rack, on the uck without the f)
[Eminem:]
I get def mcees stepped to the left
I bust mcees and my name is Wyclef
I play the banjo, piano what ever it is I rock like Berry Mantelo
Yo it's Slim Shady on the friggen' deck
Y'all don't check it out I wreck the Frim Shady set
The Frim Shady is what I said because i'm fuckin' drunk
I pick it up, pick it up, I sound like a punk
[Proof:]
Ayo they wish they could ban me back
Yo you standin' back
Def methods ayo got my hand in that
Who ever runnin' it ayo you get a jammed knee cap
Make the healthiest of your fam handicap
You a fan of rap, my clan will tap your school, home, ya bitch house
Pull my nine milli you gon' die with your fist out
Henemous is over with
Venemous is cobra spit
Aggressive dialect with aggressive sober bitch
My bite on phonics, demonish your lonic, demonic can't stand the chronic impossible to hold on like vomit
Mics I palm it, cause they the bombit
Like terroristict Islamic I enter your atma, feel like a comet
The new god of rap, call me Bigger Thor
Snap your back when I slap your ass in a figure 4
From miles around they can feel us, lethal
I make hardcore groups like Wu Tang sound like the village people
Be no sequel, of the generize, finish style, bust em' down right now, the winner is me
Then my man Mr. Paul we gon' star
Make your heart beat for your tryna' get down with us
We ball to the end, it's time to pretend
My friend to the left of me, the death of me
Me recipe to be with this don't even test mcees
Y'all can't get with us it's the dress, dress on ya
[Eminem & Proof:]
You can hate me now
I'm so drunk im throwin up now
throwin up now
oooohhhhhh
[Eminem:]
Hand me an .8
Beam me up and land me in space
I'ma sit on top of the world and spit on Brandy and Mase
I'm more than ill
Scarier than a white person trapped in a room with Lauryn Hill
Human horror film
But with a lot funnier plot, and people will feel me
Cause I'ma still be the Madd Rapper
Whether I got money or not
As long as I'm on pills, and I got plenty of pot
I'll be in a canoe paddlin', makin fun of your yacht
But I would like an award
For the best rapper to get one mic in The Source
and a wardrobe I can afford
Otherwise I might get sent up back-strike in a Ford
And you wonder what the hell I need more Vicadin for
Everybody's pissin' me off
Even the No Limit Tank looks like a middle finger sideways flippin me off
No damn I'm a great danger to my health
Why else would I kill you then jump in the grave and bury myself?
[Proof:]
Yah need to run for cova'
Eminem is white but he's still my brotha
Yes, yes in the flesh
Im the mc from the mid west i take it through the kids chest
They say they wanna battle us~
[Cuts out]

_____
basta ya de tonterias
no mas vueltas al asunto
se que quieres tu conmigo
no me gustan las mentiras
para que voy a negarlo
yo tambien quiero contigo
no me vengas con el cuento
que eres todo un caballero
que conozco bien tu modo
no te hagas el educado
si estas queriendo conmigo
atascate ahora que hay modo
pierdeme el respeto
dejate de cosas
y hasme te lo ruego
las proposiciones
mas indecorosas
pierdeme el respeto
mi querido amigo
que muero de ganas
porque se apapachen
tu cuerpo y el mio
ME ESTAS OLLENDO INUTIL! PIERDEME EL RESPETO!
no me vengas con el cuento
que eres todo un caballero
que conozco bien tu modo
no te hagas el educado
si estas queriendo conmigo
atascate ahora que hay modo
pierdeme el respeto
dejate de cosas
y hasme te lo ruego
las proposiciones
mas indecorosas
pierdeme el respeto
mi querido amigo
que muero de ganas
porque se apapachen
tu cuerpo y el mio

_____
Nelly
Pimp Juice
[Intro]
One pound for the hoe, that's all we need baby
Just one for the hoes.. c'mon
[Chorus]
Pimp juice - oooooooooh-ooooooooh-hoooooooo
I think I need to let it loose (might think I need to let it loose)
Let her loose, let her loooooose
She only want me for my pimp juice (that's all she want me for f'real)
Not my pimp juice, I'm talkin new pimp juice
I think I need to cut her loose (it's time for homegirl to recognize)
Yes I do, yes I doooooo-hoooo
[Nelly]
I'm in that, seventy-four, Coupe DeVille
With the, power seats, leather, wood on my wheel
One-touch sunroof BUT leave it alone
Hoes see it can't believe it - "It's goin back on it's own"
Oooooooooooooooh, shit, that's how we do it baby
"Every day like this?"  Seven dayy-ayyys
.. I tell you three-sixty-five
Winter spring and fall, in the summer we ride
You actin like you never seen it befo'
Like them country boys ain't got no dough
Bitch please - GET OUT - but don't you slam that do'
DUST YOUR SHOES OFF - befo' you touch that flo'
Cause you wanna put your feet on my rug, don'tcha?
You really wanna put your feet on my rug, don'tcha?
You're in a hurry - SLOW DOWN - and I might letcha touch it
You ain't from Russia, so bitch why you Russian?
[Chorus] w/ minor variations
[Nelly]
Now I'm - clean as a whistle (yeah) sharp as a razor (uh-huh)
In anythang from Timberland to Gaines
Now listen - I play the haters (ooh) like they should be played
And uhh - I love the ladies (ooh) like they should get laid
That's why I - I got my fade everybody had braids
And now they - switch to fades and I'm thinkin 'bout braids
Just an example of hoochieless jackin
If we were hoopin, I'd be yellin "They hackin"
I see you momma, in my Dolce Gabbana
Gucci and Prada baby I gotta lotta
The lucciana ain't a problem for poppa
That's all you want then baby girl I'ma holla
Cause you wanna put your feet on my rug, don'tcha?
You really wanna put your feet on my rug, don'tcha?
You're in a hurry - SLOW DOWN - I don't like how you actin
Treat you like you're from Milwaukee, send you Green Bay Packin
[Chorus] w/ minor variations
(I think I just..
need to take this time and explain to 'em exactly..
what the pimp juice is)
[Chorus]
Uh, hear me out now
Now your pimp juice is anything, attract the opposite sex
It could be money, fame, or straight intellect
It don't MATTER!  Bitches got the pimp juice too
Come to think about it - dirty, they got more than we do
They got mo' - juice in they talk, got mo' juice in they walk
They got mo' - juice in they veins, OOH GOD DAMN!
I tell you man it's a cryin shame..
.. how people use, the juice in vein - you hear me mayne
Pimp juice is color blind
You find it work on all color creeds and kinds
From ages 50 right down to 9
The Mayor of Nellyville and I won't resign, watch me recline
Cause you wanna put your feet on my rug, don'tcha?
You really wanna put your feet on my rug, don'tcha?
You're in a hurry - SLOW DOWN - bitch I got all night
Matter fact, stand on my left boo - I know you ain't right
[Chorus] w/ minor variations
[ad libs to end

_____
[Obie Trice (Eminem)]
(O trice common)
Yeah niggas got me
I'ma get em, it aint over
[Chorus - Obie Trice]
You can catch me in a wip with a fifth of pimp juice
And I'm popin a clip, bout to fix this issue
You pray that I don't hit, I'm not equipped to miss you
Your gonna need an ambulance to stitch your tissue
Or either have a bag on your hip to shit through
You seen us on the ave, aim just to get you
But my penis is a mag when I lift it hit you
Cause I don't go anywhere without my pistol pistol
[Verse 1- Obie Trice]
I, solemnly swear on my daughters tears
The nigga that got em in the head, and feel it before the year ends
Hope you inconspicuous my friend
Cause once the word get back, your in a world of sin
Bullets will hurdle at him
For try'in to murda whats been determined as the first solo African
And go platinum with an accident, happened that
But maggots I'm alive with vengeance to get back
My momma blood pressure was affected from that
My little girl need her daddy on the phone at a certain time, exact now
Them nigga act wild
But when the mac come out, you niggas X out
Now I don't wanna hear X, Y , Z
im X'n out your whole entity for try'in to kill meFilthy mother fuckers I'll show you what real be
When these HTBs light up your kidneys
I'm so sincere, you seein it hurts this year
It's not a verse it's a curse from burse
And whats on your purse
And over hear, this is Obie here I'm clear
Niggers bewhere I'm commin at you with firearms an here
And your purpose on suprefinous, how can I be merciful
When mercamies is a mercenaries gold
Nigga I got paper, I'll have your urgently exposed
No emergencies bringin back ur souls
Slugs shatter your bone for pat pat me in the dome
Learn is powderin
We catch him at home, he rome
That when automatics sporadically catch him in the abdomen
Another dirty mother fuckers gone, YEAH!
[Chorus - Obie Trice]
You can catch me in a wip with a fifth of pimp juice
And I'm popin a clip, bout to fix this issue
You pray that I don't hit, I'm not equipped to miss you
Your gonna need an ambulance to stitch your tissue
Or either have a bag on your hip to shit through
You seen us on the ave, aim just to get you
But my penis is a mag when I lift it hit you
Cause I don't go anywhere without my pistol pistol
(Gun shot (screams in background))
Second rounds on me
Robn'in, shoot'in. Kill'in, Murda
Oh shit run
Robn'in, shoot'in. Kill'in, Murda

_____
yeah
Shady....
Aftermath....
G-Unit.....
I got places to go, I got people to see,
The penitentiary, ain't the place for me,
I'm warnin you too, not tempt me,
I'll run up and squeeze
And put a hole in you, hole in you
I got places to go, I got people to see,
The penitentiary, ain't the place for me,
I'm warnin you too, not tempt me,
I'll run up and squeeze
And put a hole in you, hole in you
you mistaken me for somebody that you should be testin',
you should be stressin I'm there to fuckin teach you a lesson,
Rap 101's in session, Em laced the track that I'm blessin,
Smith and Wesson's the weapon in case you just guessing, (God Damhn)
these straight busters kept-in, kept-in my benz, hop-in the end's,
watch the 22 spin , my hoes they perfect 10
I got shot up but I got up and i'm back at it again,
motherfuckers they thought I wouldn't win, pretend to be friends,
at first you fail, try, try, try, try again,
i'm the best don't you get it, forget it, when I spit it, its crazy,
you love it, admit it, you like it, I live it, its Shady,
aftermath in your ass bitch, if its not a classic,
When it's dumped, trash it, flow I got it mastered,
stop and get your ass kicked, bastard, your misses get drastic,
glocks made out of plastic, cock-it, aim it, blast it,
run nigga and stash it...
I got places to go, I got people to see,
The penitentiary, ain't the place for me,
I'm warnin you too, not tempt me,
I'll run up and squeeze
And put a hole in you, hole in you
I got places to go, I got people to see,
The penitentiary, ain't the place for me,
I'm warnin you too, not tempt me,
I'll run up and squeeze
And put a hole in you, hole in you
If there is a genie in that bottle of that don-pari'on,
I'm a drink til I get to that bitch in the ghetto,
Introduce me to the burbs they gonna listen to my words,
In the hood they feel my shit...
(break-it down!)
Picture a perfect picture, picture me in a pimp hat
Picture me start shit, picture me busting my gat,
picture police mad they ain't gotta picture of that,
picture me being broke, picture me smokin the sack,
picture me comin up, picture me rich from rap,
picture me blowin up, now picture me going back,
to my momma basement to live, shit, picture that,
where I'm from its a fact, you gotta watch your back,
you wear a vest without a gat, you's a target jack,
hustle hard, money stack, sell that dope, sell that crack,
sell that pack, sell that gat, sell that pussy, Holla back,
50 Cent, too much Hennee, man I'm bent, I'm outta here
I got places to go, I got people to see,
The penitentiary, ain't the place for me,
I'm warnin you too, not tempt me,
I'll run up and squeeze
And put a hole in you, hole in you
I got places to go, I got people to see,
The penitentiary, ain't the place for me,
I'm warnin you too, not tempt me,
I'll run up and squeeze
And put a hole in you, hole in you
Ha-ha
Man I aint going to jail
Not even to visit a nigga
You want to holla at me, you write me,
Matter a fact, you gotta send it to Sunset Boulevard,
Up in the Mondreon,
Ha-ha-ha
riding around in one of Dre's Farrari's nigga,
or matter a fact I might be in Detroit,
riding down 8 Mile road,
you know, to one of Em's joints and shit,
Ha-ha
ya heard, I got places to go man,
you know, Shady/Aftermath,
we fit to start printin money,
puttin our faces on this motherfuckin bills and shit,
Ha ha ha ha ha,aint shit u can do about it!

_____
ok folks enough of the gay jokes especially
from a gay broke bitch yourself hey lo
this guys doo doo you've worked here longer
than me and i get paid more than you do
Dawg take a seat, what's this guy standing
around for he aint got money to eat
check this out yo yo this guy cashed his whole
check and bought 1 ho ho
fuckin homo, lil maggot you cant hack it, Paul's
gay your a faggot at leats he admits it dont
even risk it this guys starvin to death someone get him a biscuit
i dont know what they told you Mike you must have them
corn rolls rolled to tight
this job you wanna quit but you can't you've worked
at this plant so long your a plant
look at your god damn boots for christ sake their startin
to grow roots
on this mic you be faded you look like a pissed off rapper
who never made it
and why you fuckin wit the gay guy G
when really your the 1 who's got the HIV
man im done wit this clown. it's off
Fuck it i'll let home girl finish you off!

_____
i'm sitting on the porch
with lots of friends
cuz i'm popular
popular
im pitching a tent
while listening to rent
cuz im popular
popular
drinking with homes
while painting some nomes
cuz im popular
popular
smoking some crack
while gettin some whack
cuz im popular
popular
i love being popular
popular
people like me
cuz im popular
popular
POPULAR POPULAR

_____
This is my freestyle
I may suck but i can a least try.....Here is goes
I like Eminem because he can rap better then me
I know I'm no movie star or rap star
but i'm just another person who likes rap and one day
be able to produce my own alubm or have a demo of something
I like Dr. dre and vanilla ice can kiss my ass
This is Pretzel's freestyle i may suck but i can a least try
My friend derek is a punk but he is the coolest guy i know not!
just kidding
I had a great life going up not like Eminem but he likes to rap about his life
and i think that is cool
That cleaning out my closet is a great song and i like it
This is Pretzel's freestyle i may suck but i can a least try
Now this is not the best rap but like i said i can a least try and i'm not the
best rapper in town.
But you know all of you people can kiss my ass.

_____
When I was just a little baby boy,
my momma used to tell me these crazy things.
She used to tell me my daddy was an evil man,
she used to tell me he hated me.
But then I got a little bit older and I realized,
she was the crazy one.
But there was nothin? I could do or say to try to change her,
cuz that's just the way she was.
They said I can't rap about bein? broke no more.
They aint say I can't rap about coke no more.
(AHHH!) Slut, you think I won't choke no whore
?till the vocal cords don't work in her throat no more?!
(AHHH!) These motherfuckers are thinkin? I'm playin?
Thinkin? I'm sayin? this shit cuz I'm thinkin? it just to be sayin? it
(AHHH!) Put your hands down BITCH, I ain't gon' shoot you.
I'ma pull +YOU+ to this bullet, and put it through you
(AHHH!) Shut up slut, you're causin? too much chaos
Just bend over and take it slut, okay Ma?
?Oh, now he's rapin? his own mother, abusing a whore,
snorting coke, and we gave him the Rolling Stone cover?"
You goddamn right BITCH, and now it's too late,
I'm triple platinum and tragedies happened in two states.
I invented violence, you vile venomous volatile bitches
vain Vicodin, vrinnn Vrinnn, VRINNN! {*chainsaw revs up*}
Texas Chainsaw, left his brains all
Danglin? from his neck, while his head barely hangs on.
Blood, guts, guns, cuts.
Knives, lives, wives, nuns, sluts.
Chorus: Eminem
Bitch I'ma kill you!  You don't wanna fuck with me.
Girls neither- you ain't nuttin but a slut to me
Bitch I'ma kill you! You ain't got the balls to beef.
We ain't gon' never stop beefin? I don't squash the beef.
You better kill me! I'ma be another rapper dead
for poppin? off at the mouth with shit I shouldn'ta said.
But when they kill me - I'm bringin? the world with me.
Bitches too! You ain't nuttin? but a girl to me.
..I said you don't, wanna fuck with Shady, ('cause why?)
'Cause Shady, will fuckin? kill you. (ah-haha)
I said you don't, wanna fuck with Shady, (why?)
Cuz Shady, will fuckin? kill you
[Eminem]
Bitch I'ma kill you! Like a murder weapon, I'ma conceal you
in a closet with mildew, sheets, pillows and film you
Buck with me, I been through hell, shut the hell up!
I'm tryin? to develop these pictures of the Devil to sell 'em
I ain't acid rap, but I rap on acid
Got a new blow-up doll and just had a strap-on added.
WHOOPS! Is that a subliminal hint? NO!
Just criminal intent to sodomize women again
Eminem offend? NO! Eminem'll assault.
And if you ever give in to him, you give him an impulse
to do it again, THEN, if he does it again
you'll probably end up jumpin? out of somethin? up in the 10th
(Ahhhhhhhh!) Bitch I'ma kill you, I ain't done, this ain't the chorus.
I ain't even drugged you in the woods yet to paint the forest
A bloodstain is orange after you wash it three or four times
in the tub but that's normal ain't it, Norman?
Serial killer hidin? murder material
in a cereal box on top of your stereo
Here we go again, we're out of our medicine,
out of our minds, and we want in yours, let us in.
Chorus (first line starts "Or I'ma kill you!")
[Eminem]
Eh-heh, know why I say these things?
Cause ladies? screams keep creepin? in Shady's dreams.
And the way things seem, I shouldn't have to pay these shrinks
these eighty G's a week to say the same things TWEECE!
TWICE? Whatever, I hate these things
Fuck shots! I hope the weed'll outweigh these drinks
Motherfuckers want me to come on their radio shows
just to argue with 'em cuz their ratings stink?
FUCK THAT! I'll choke radio announcer to bouncer,
from fat bitch to all seventy-thousand pounds of her.
From principal, to the student body, and counselor,
from in-school, to before school, to out of school.
I don't even believe in breathin?, I'm leavin? air in your lungs
just to hear you keep screamin? for me to seep it.
OKAY, I'M READY TO GO PLAY
I GOT THE MACHETE FROM O.J.
I'M READY TO MAKE EVERYONE'S THROATS ACHE!
You faggots keep eggin? me on ?till I have you at knifepoint,
then you beg
me to stop?
SHUT UP! Gimme your hands and feet!
I said SHUT UP when I'm talkin to you!
YOU HEAR ME? ANSWER ME!
Chorus (first line starts "Or I'ma kill you!"
ninth line starts "Bitch I'ma kill you!")
[Eminem] Hahaha, I'm just playin? ladies. You know I love you.

_____
[Sounds of someone puking]
There I go--thinking of you again
[Chorus]
You don't know how sick you make me
You make me fuckin' sick to my stomach
Every time I think of you, I puke
You must just not know--whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa
You may not think you do, but you do
Every time I think of you
I was gonna take the time to sit down and write you a little poem
But ? would probably be a little more, more suitable for this type of song--whoa
I got a million reasons off the top of my head that I could think of
Sixteen bars, this ain't enough to put some ink ta
So fuck it, I'ma start right here by just be brief-a
Bout to rattle off some other reasons
I knew I shouldn't go and get another tattoo of you
On my arm, but what do I go and do
I go and get another one, now I got two
Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh
I'm sittin' here with your name on my skin
I can't believe I went and did this stupid shit again
My next girlfriend, now her name's gotta be Kim
Shi-ii-ii-ii-ii-ii-it
If you only knew how much I hated you
For every motherfuckin' thing you ever put us through
Then I wouldn't be standing here crying over you
Boo-oo-oo-oo-oo-oo-who
[Chorus]
You don't know how sick you make me
You make me fuckin' sick to my stomach
Every time I think of you, I puke
You must just not know--whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa
You may not think you do, but you do
Every time I think of you
I was gonna take the time to sit down and write you a little letter
But I thought a song would probably be a little better
Instead of a letter
That you'd probably just shred up--yeah
I stumbled on your picture yesterday and it made me stop and think of
How much of a waste it'd be for me to put some ink ta, a stupid piece a
Paper, I'd rather let you see how
Much I fuckin' hate you in a freestyle
You're a fuckin' cokein' slut, I hope you fuckin' die
I hope you get to hell and Satan sticks a needle in your eye
I hate your fuckin' guts, you fuckin' slut, I hope you die
Di-ii-ii-ii-ii-ii-ie
But please don't get me wrong, I'm not bitter or mad
It's not that I still love you, it's not 'cause I want you back
It's just that when I think of you, it makes me wanna
gag-aa-aa-aa-aa-aa-aa-ag
What else can I do, I haven't got a clue
Now I guess I'll just move on, I have no choice but to
But every time I think of you now, I'll I wanna do
Is pu-uu-uu-uu-uu-uu-uke
[Chorus]
You don't know how sick you make me
You make me fuckin' sick to my stomach
Every time I think of you, I puke
You must just not know--whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa
You may not think you do, but you do
Every time I think of you, I puke
Fuckin' bitch

_____
[Chorus]
I've take a couple uppers
I've downed couple downers
But nothing compares
To these blue and yellow purple pills
I been to mushroom mountain
Once or twice but who's countin'
But nothing compares
To these blue and yellow purple pills
[Eminem]
Cool, calm, just like my mom
With a couple of valiums inside her palm
It's Mr. Mischief with a trick up his sleeve
To roll up on you like Christopher Reeves
I can't describe the vibe I get
When I drive by 6 people and 5 I hit
Ah shit
I started a mosh pit
Squashed a bitch
And stomped the foster kids
These shrooms make me hallucinate
Then I sweat till I start losing weight
Till I see dumb shit start happenin
Dumber than Vanilla Ice tryin to rap again
So bounce, bounce, c'mon bounce
(Shooting)
I said c'mon bounce
Everybody in the house with a half an ounce
Not weed I meant coke dumb ass sit down
We don't bullshit, better ask around
D12 throws the bombest bash in town
Bizarre, your mom is passing out
Get her ass on the couch before she crashes out
[Kon Artist & Kuniva]
Fuck that, someone help Denaun
He's upstairs naked with a weapon drawn
Hey Von
You see me stepping on these leprechauns?
It's gotta be acid cuz the X is gone
Ya I took them all dog with some parmesan
And I think my arm is gone
It's probably numb
Young, dumb, and full of cum
And I think he bout to swallow his tongue
Scary ass it was a false alarm
Think I'm about to die when I just got on
So stop acting stupid
You so high
That you might wake up with a guy
On some new shit
I think I did too much
This substance equals cuffs
Red pills, blue pills, and green
Big pills (black pill)
Mescaline
Chorus 2X
[Hook]
Dirty Dozen
80 of us
Shady brothers
Ladies love us
That's why our baby mothers
Love us but they hate each other
They probably wanna take each other out
And date each other
And somethin, somethin, somethin, somethin
Somethin, somethin, somethin, somethin... ehh
[Proof]
Pop pills, pills I pop
Pop two pills on stilts I walk
Snort two lines that were filled with chalk
Thought it was Incredible I killed the Hulk
I wanna roll away
Like a rollerblade
Until my eyes roll back in my skull for days
And when I'm old and gray
Look for dope to smoke
I overdose
When I pack up my nose with coke
(cough cough cough)
Am I suppose to choke?
Had an accident when the Trojan broke
Ahh, poor baby
Born by whore lady
Now I gotta strangle it (You're crazy!)
[Swifty]
I pop four E's at one time
And I don't need water when I'm swallowin mine
Hey you got any shrooms?
Does Bizarre smoke crack?
We can't get jobs
Cuz our arms show tracks
Why the hell you niggas think I rap?
I do it just to get your company hijacked
If you like smack, then I might too (Swift, chill)
I just wanna get high like you
And I don't give a damn if they're white or blue
speed, shrooms, down the valiums
Even smoke weed outta vacuums
I just copped some and I'm going back soon
Chorus
[Bizarre]
I'm at rave
Lookin like slave a
High off chronic
Gin and tonic demonic
Body smelt like vomit
Pussy poppin', acid droppin', dope heavy guy
Heroine, mescaline, pencil leads - wanna try?
Blue pills, golden seals
Got Bizarre actin' ill
Drugs kill (Yeah, right)
Bitch I'm for real
Shut your mouth you dirty slut
You know you want it in your butt
I'll put it in your cunt
Let Bizarre nut
Chorus
Hook

_____
R. Kelly
Ignition (Remix)
Now, usualy i dont do this but uh... give em a lil preview of the remix
no im not tryin to be rude,
but hey pretty girl im feelin you
the way you do the things you do
remind me of my Lexus coup
thats why im all up in yo grill
tryina get you to a hotel
you must be a foot ball coach
the way you got me playin the field
now gimme that toot toot
and i'll give you that beep beep
runnin her hands through my 'fro
bouncin on 24's
while they say on the radio...
[chorus]
this is the remix to ignition
hot and fresh out the kitchen
mama rollin that body
got evey man in her wishin
sippin on coke and rum
im like so what im drunk
its the freakin weekend baby
im about to have me some fun
(Let me see you) Bounce-
bounce-bounce-bounce-bounce-bounce-bounce
Bounce-bounce-bounce-bounce-bounce-bounce
(Now let me see you) Bounce-
bounce-bounce-bounce-bounce-bounce-bounce
Bounce-bounce-bounce-bounce-bounce-bounce
now its like murder she wrote
once i get you out them clothes
privacy is on the door
still they can hear you screamin more
girl im feelin what you feelin
no more hopin and wishin
im bout to take my key and
stick it in the ignition
so gimme that toot toot
and i'll give you that beep beep
runnin her hands through my 'fro
bouncin on 24's
while they say on the radio...
this is the remix to ignition
hot and fresh out the kitchen
mama rollin that body
got evey man in her wishin
sippin on coke and rum
im like so what im drunk
its the freakin weekend baby
im about to have me some fun
crystall poppin in the stretch navigator
we got food every where
as if the party was catored
we got fellas to my left
honnies on my right
we bring em both together we got drinkin all night
then after the show its the (after party)
and after the party its the (hotel lobby)
and round about 4 you gotta (clear the lobby)
then head take it to the room and freak somebody
can i get a toot toot
can i get a beep beep
runnin her hands through my 'fro
bouncin on 24's
while they say on the radio...
this is the remix to ignition
hot and fresh out the kitchen
mama rollin that body
got evey man in her wishin
sippin on coke and rum
im like so what im drunk
its the freakin weekend baby
im about to have me some fun
girl we off in this jeep
foggin windows up
blastin the radio
in the back of my truck
bouncin up and down
stroke it round and round
to the remix
we just thuggin it out...

_____
[Eminem]
Aww look at daddy's baby girl
That's daddy baby
Little sleepy head
Yesterday I changed your diaper
Wiped you and powdered you.
How did you get so big?
Can't believe it now your two
Baby you're so precious
Daddy's so proud of you
Sit down bitch
If you move again I'll beat the shit out of you
[Eminem]
(Eminem as Kim)
(Okay)
Don't make me wake this baby
She don't need to see what I'm about to do
Quit crying bitch, why do you always make me shout at you?
How could you?
Just leave me and love him out the blue
Oh, what's a matter Kim?
Am I too loud for you?
Too bad bitch, your gonna finally hear me out this time
At first, I'm like all right
You wanna throw me out? That's fine!
But not for him to take my place, are you out you're mind?
This couch, this TV, this whole house is mine!
How could you let him sleep in our bed?
Look at Kim
Look at your husband now!
(No!)
I said look at him!
He ain't so hot now is he?
Little punk!
(Why are you doing this?)
Shut the fuck up!
(You're drunk! You're never going to get away at this!)
You think I give a fuck!
Come on we're going for a ride bitch
(No!)
Sit up front
(Well I can't just leave Haley alone, what if she wakes up?)
We'll be right back
Well I will you'll be in the trunk
[1] - So long, bitch you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you
[Repeat 1]
You really fucked me Kim
You really did a number on me
Never knew me cheating on you would come back to haunt me
But we was kids then Kim, I was only 18
That was years ago
I thought we wiped the slate clean
That's fucked up!
(I love you!)
Oh God my brain is racing
(I love you!)
What are you doing?
Change the station I hate this song!
Does this look like a big joke?
(No!)
There's a four year old boy lyin' dead with a slit throat
In your living room, ha-ha
What you think I'm kiddin' you?
You loved him didn't you?
(No!)
Bullshit you bitch don't fucking lie to me
What the fuck's this guy's problem on the side of me?
Fuck you asshole, yeah bite me
Kim, KIM!
Why don't you like me?
You think I'm ugly don't you
(It's not that!)
No you think I'm ugly
(Baby)
Get the fuck away from me, don't touch me
I HATE YOU! I HATE YOU!
I SWEAR TO GOD I HATE YOU
OH MY GOD I LOVE YOU
How the fuck could you do this to me?
(Sorry!)
How the fuck could you do this to me?
[Repeat 1 (2x)]
Come on get out
(I can't I'm scared)
I said get out bitch!
(Let go of my hair, please don't do this baby)
(Please I love you, look we can just take Haley and leave)
Fuck you, you did this to us
You did it, it's your fault
Oh my God I'm crackin' up
Get a grip Marshall
Hey remember the time we went to Brian's party?
And you were like so drunk that you threw up all over Archie
That was funny wasn't it?
(Yes!)
That was funny wasn't it?
(Yes!)
See it all makes sense, doesn't it?
You and your husband have a fight
One of you tries to grab a knife
And during the struggle he accidentally gets his Adam's apple sliced
(No!)
And while this is goin' on
His son just woke up and he just walks in
She panics and he gets his throat cut
(Oh my God!)
So now they both dead and you slash your own throat
So now it's double homicide and suicide with no note
I should have known better when you started to act weird
We could've...HEY! Where you going? Get back here!
You can't run from me Kim
It's just us, nobody else!
You're only making this harder on yourself
Ha! Ha! Got'cha!
(Ahh!)
Ha! Go ahead yell!
Here I'll scream with you!
AH SOMEBODY HELP!
Don't you get it bitch, no one can hear you?
Now shut the fuck up and get what's comin to you
You were supposed to love me
{*Kim choking*}
NOW BLEED! BITCH BLEED!
BLEED! BITCH BLEED! BLEED!
[Repeat 1 (2x)]

_____
Your style is generic
Mine's authentic made
I roll like a renegade
You need clinic aid
My techniques bizzare an ill
I scar and kill
You were a star until i served you like a bar and grill
Now I proceed to cook and grill ya
That's all it took to kill ya
You better recognize me like i look familiar
You wanna battle?
You beat around the bush
Like you scared to lick pussy so you eat around the tush
I need a clown to push
Someone that I can bully
Wait a minute I don't think you understand fully
See me without a style is like mustard without the Heinz
I lead the new school, you're a Busta without the Rhymes
I'll crush the shit out your lines

_____
(Lickety Split)
This guy's a choke artist
Ya catch a bad one
Your better off shootin yourself
With Papa Doc's handgun
Climbin up this mountain your weak
Ill leave you lost without a paddle
Floatin down shits creek
You ain't Detroit, Im the D
Your the new kid on the block
Bout to get smacked back to the boonedocks
Fuckin Nazi, this crowd ain't your type
Take some real advice and form a group with Vanilla Ice
And what I tell you, you better use it
This guy's a hillbilly, this ain't Willie Nelson music
Trailor trash, Ill choke you to your last breath
And have you lookin foolish
Like Cheddar Bob when he shot himself
Silly Rabbit, I know why they call you that
Cause you follow Future like you got carrots up his asscrack
And when you actin up thats when you got jacked up
And left stupid like Tina Turner when she got smacked up
Ill crack your shoulder blade
Youll get dropped so hard
Elvis will start turnin in his grave
I dont know why they let you out in the dark
You need to take your white ass back across 8 mile
To the trailor park
(Rabbit)
This guy raps like his parents jerked him
He sounds like Eric Sermon, the generic version
This whole crowd looks suspicious
Its all dudes in here, except for these bitches
So Im a German, Eh
Thats ok, you look like a fuckin worm with braids
These Leaders of the Free World rookies
Lookie, how can 6 dicks be pussies
Talkin bout shits creek
Bitch, you could be up piss creek
With paddles this deep
Your still gonna sink
Your a disgrace
Yeah, they call me Rabbit
This is a turtle race
He can't get with me spittin this shit
Wickedly lickety shot
Spickety spickety split lickety
So Im gonna turn around with a great smile
And walk my white ass back across 8 mile!

_____
{lotto}
I'll spit a racial slur honkie sew me
this shit is a Horror flick but a black guy doesn't die in this movie
i'll do it the lotto style you gotta be kiddin
that makes me believe you really dont have an intrest to live in
you think these niggas gonna feel the shit you say
i got a better chance joining the kkk
for some real shit though i like you
thats why i didn't want to be the one you commit suciside to
fuck lotto call me your leader
i feel bad that i gota murder that dude from leave it to beaver
i used to like that show now you got me in fight back mode
but oh well if you gotta go then you gotta go
i hate to do this i would love for this shit to
last so i'll
take pictures of my rear end so you wont forget my ass
and alls well that ends ok
so i'll end this shit with a fuck you and have a nice day
{B Rabbit}
Word, I Think you were a little hard on the beaver
so was eddie haskle, wallie, and ms. cleaver
This Guy keeps screaming he's paranoid
quick someone get his ass another steroid
Rob bidi bli blob de rob bidi blo blob
I ain't hear a word you said
Hipidi hoo bla
Is that a tank top or a new bra
look snoop dogg just got a fuckin boob job
didn't you listen to the last round meat head
pay attention, you're sayin the same shit that he said
matter fact dogg heres a pencil
go home write some shit make it suspensful
and don't come back untill something dope hits you
fuck it you can take the mic home with you
looking like a cyclone hit you
tank top screaming lotto i dont fit you
you look how far these white jokes get you
Boy's like how vanilla ice gonna diss you
my motto fuck lotto
i'll get the seven digits from your mother for a dollar tomorrow

_____
Now everybody from the 313
Put your motherfucking hands up and follow me
Everybody from the 313
Put your mothefucking hands up
Look Look
Now while he stands tough
Notice that this man did not have his hands up
This free worlds got you gassed up
Now who's afraid of the big bad wolf
1, 2, 3 and to the 4
1 pac , 2 pac, 3 pac, 4
4 pac, 3 pac, 2 pac, 1
You're pac, he's pac, no pacs, none
This guy aint no mother-fuckin MC,
I know everything he's got to say against me,
I am white, I am a fuckin bum, I do live in a trailer with my mom,
My boy Future is an Uncle Tom.
I do got a dumb friend named Cheddar Bomb who shoots
himself in the leg with his own gun,
I did get jumped by all 6 of you chumps
And Wink did fuck my girl,
I'm still standin here screamin  FUCK THE FREE WORLD!
Don't ever try to judge me dude
You don't know what the fuck i've been through
But i know something about you
You went to Cranbrook, that's a private school
What's the matter dawg? You embarrassed?
This guy's a gangster, his real name's Clarence
And Clarence lives at home with both parents
And Clarence's parents have a real good marriage
This guy don't wanna battle, He's shook
'Cause there no such thing as half-way crooks
He's scared to death
He's scared to look in his fuckin yearbook, fuck Cranbrook
Fuck the beat, i go acapella
Fuck a papa doc, fuck a clock, fuck a trailer, fuck everybody
Fuck y'all if you doubt me
I'm a piece of fucking white trash, i say it proudly
And fuck this battle, I don't wanna win, I'm outty,
Here, tell this people something they dont know about me.

_____
[Dre (Em)]
Yeah
(Definately, definately, definately, definately definately K-mart)
Yeah, yeah
[Eminem (Dr. Dre):]
You find me offensive? I find you offensive
For finding me offensive
Hence if I should draw a line on any fences
If so to what extense if
Any, should I go? 'Cause it's getting expensive
Being on the other side of the courtroom on the defensive
They say that I cause extensive
Pshycological nerve damage to the brain when I go to lenghts this,
Far at other people's expenses
I say your all just too god damn sensitive
It's censorship
And it's down right blasphomous
Listen to shit now cause I won't stand for this
And Chirs-stiff-pher Reeves won't sit for this neither
And let's clear this up too I ain't got no beef with him either
He used to be like a hero to me
I even believe I, had one of those 25 cent stickers on my re--fridgerator
Right next to Darth Vader
And Darth must have put a hex on him for later
I feel like it's my fault cause of the way that
I stuck him up in between him and Lex Luther
I killed Superman, I killed Super--man
And how ironic, that I'd be the bad guy
Kryptonite: The Green Chronic
[Chorus:]
Cause I ain't got no legs!
Or no brain, nice to meet you
Hi, my name is...
I forgot my name!
My name was not to become what I became with this level of fame
My soul is possessed by this devil my new name is....
Rain Man
Now in the Bible it says
Thou shalt not watch two lesbians in bed,
Have homosexual sex
Unless of course you were given the consent to join in
Then of course, it's intercourse
And it's bi-sexual sex
Which isn't as bad, as long as you show some remorse for your actions
Either before, during or after peforming the act of that which
Is normally referred to have such, more commonly known phrases
That are more used by today's kids
In a more derogatory way but
Who's to say, what's fair to say, and what not to say?
Let's ask Dr. Dre
Dr. Dre? (What up?)
I gotta question if I may? (Yeah)
Is it gay to play Putt-Putt golf with a friend (Yeah)
And watch his butt-butt when he tees off? (Yeah)
But, ut! I ain't done yet
In football the quarterback yells out hutt-hutt
While he reaches in another grown man's ass
Grabs on his nuts but just what if
It was never meant it was just an accident
But he tripped, fell, slipped and his penis went in
His teeny tiny little round hiney but he didn't mean it
But his little weenie flinched just a little bit
And I don't mean to go in into any more details but
What if he pictured it as a females butt?
Is that gay? I just need to clear things up
Til then i'll just walk around with a manly strut because...
[Chorus]
You find me offensive, I find you offensive
Shit, this is the same verse I just did this
When am I gonna come to my good senses?
Probably the day Bush comes to my defenceses
My spider senses telling me Spiderman is nearby
And my plan is to get him next
And open up a whip ass canister
God damn it Dre where is the god damn beat? (Yeah)
Anyway, anyway I don't know how else to put it
This is the only thing that I'm good at
I am the bad guy, Kryptonite: The Green Chronic
Demonic, yep yep, don't worry I'm on it
I got it, high five Nick Lachey
Stuck a pen in Jessica's head and walked away
And she blew around the room like a balloon-a
Grabbed the last can of chicken tuna
Out the trash can and screw my
Head is straight back to the Neverland Ranch
With a peanut butter, jelly, chicken, tuna sandwhich
And I don't gotta make no god damn sense
I just did a whole song and I didn't say shit
[Chorus]
Cause IIIAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHAHAHAAA AAAAAHAHHHHHHHHHH
Yo, Rain Man
Definately, definately Dr. Dre super dope beat maker two thousand and
Two thousand four hundred and eighty seven million
Nine hundred and n seventy three thousand four hundred and sixty three
And seventy (Yeah)

_____
[Bizarre]
`The Rap Game`
Hip-hop 1-0-1
The hardest 9 to 5 you will ever have
You can't learn this shit in no history-book
You ready to rap mothafucker?
You ready to sell your soul? gheh-gheh-gheh
`The Rap Game` ...motherfucker
[Swifty]
I'm a disruptive nigger
You made me crazy
You should a slayed me as a baby
Behavin shadier than Wes Craven
And you aint even gotta pay me
I take pleasure with layin a nigga down daily
You face me drunk or sober
You'll faint fast
I'm never fucked up to where I can't whoop your ass
Your neck will get snapped wit bear hands
fuck you isn't rappin
it's cool but fool don't confuse it
What happens these dudes get rude and then I lose it
Im scantlas
I blow your two kids off the atlas
With a gat that's bigger
Then Godzilla's back nigga
You are not real and in fact
You're fully effective, a crack dealer
Yall president sends me smack
Den got a mack 10 wit it
So I aint gotta rap
But im thankful for that
dont mistaken me black
Or u be stankin in back of a fuckin caddillac
[Eminem]
I'ma get snuffed
Cause I aint said enough to pipe down
I pipe down when the white house is whipped out
when I see that lil cheany dike get snipped out
lights out bitch adios goodnight (pow)
now put that in your lil pipe and bite down
think for a minute cause the hype has died down
that I wont go up in the oval office right now
and flip whatever ain't tied down upside down
I'm all for America, fuck the government
tell that C. Doloris Tucker slut to suck a dick
mutha fucker duck what the fuck son of a bitch
take away my gun, I'm gonna tuck some other shit
cant tell me shit about the tricks of this trade
switch blade with a little switch to switch blades
switch from a 6 to a 16 inch blade
shits like a samurai sword a sensei
shit just don't change to this day
im this way still tell that utslay itchbay
ucksay my ickday (suck my dick)
scuse my igpay atinlay (excuse my pig latin)
but uckfay a igpay
[50 Cent]
this rap game
this rap game
I aint sellin my soul for this rap game
I aint digging no hole for this rap game
but im telling ya no it aint happening
this rap game
this rap game
I aint sellin my soul for this rap game
I aint digging no hole for this rap game
this rap game
this rap game
[Kon Artis]
i bet you rather me
drink n drown in my own eniquity
but fuck that ima rap till u all get sick of me
and clutch my nut sack and spit on who pick on me
im hittin a rock next fuck a dogg who sickin me
im sayin you mutha fuckers dont know and quit playin
if im broke then im brakin open the place where you layin
you know, same shit every nigga done in his life
i lived it thats why i speak on what i want when i write
so why... should i... ever fear another man
if he bleed like i bleed take a piss an he stand
ok, you win... you can say we cant rap
but no source never mean we aint buyin on what they say is whack
[Kuniva]
i walk in the party and just start bustin
right after i hear the last verse of self-destruction
this liquor make me wanna blast the chrome
to let you know that time without morris day and jerome
im low down and shifty, quickly called swifty
to do a drive by on a 10-speed with "50"
you feelin lucky? squeeze
i catch you outside of chucky cheese
well just see, who be an unlucky G
my life style is unstable, a partyin addict
they said no fighting in the club so i brought me a matic
coughin estatic, I jump niggas call me a rabbit
popin a tablet, and guns that saw you in half
[50 cent]
believe me
we run this rap shit fo shizzie
make makin millions look easy
every where ya turn you see me
you hear me
believe me
for ya see my pistol in 3-D
no time to call a peace treaty
dial 9-1-1 cause u need de
police to help you believe me
[Proof]
i snatch the tounge from the sidewalk and piss on the curb
this is absurd
these street niggas twistin my words
we finally could
say goodbye to hollywood
cause proof an shaun vance
have nothing in common
the nastyest band
with gats in each hand
we never bomb down to be a flash and a pan
no remorse
fuck your stature dog
nuttin to do wit hands when i clap at yall
put ya jaw on the ground
wit the 4 and a pound
im goin out of town
before the law come around
so we can battle wit raps
so we can battle wit gats
matter fact we can battle wit plaques
[50 Cent]
this rap game
[Bizarre]
im too fuckin retarded
i dont give a fuck about my dick
thats why im dating Loraina Bobbet
my crew had an argument
who was the largest
now they all is dead
and im rolling as a solo artist
plus i made all the beats and wrote all the raps
well i really didnt
but i did according to this contract
i was stoned in the snow
wit no where to go
freezin 20 below
forced to join Bell Biv Devoe
my little girl she shouldnt listen to these lyrics
thats why i glued the headphones to her ear to make sure she hear it
if rap dont work, im starting a group wit garth brooks (hahahaha)
50 sing the hook
[50 Cent]
this rap game
this rap game
I aint sellin my soul for this rap game
I aint digging no hole for this rap game
And im telling ya no it aint happ-ning
this rap game
this rap game
I aint sellin my soul for this rap game
I aint digging no hole for this rap game
this rap game
this rap game

_____
Rap God
        Look, I was gonna go easy on you and not to hurt your feelings
But I'm only going to get this one chance
Something's wrong, I can feel it (Six minutes, Slim Shady, you're on)
Just a feeling I've got, like something's about to happen, but I don't know what
If that means, what I think it means, we're in trouble, big trouble,
And if he is as bananas as you say, I'm not taking any chances
You were just what the doctor ordered
I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
Now who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box, slap box?
They said I rap like a robot, so call me Rapbot
But for me to rap like a computer must be in my genes
I got a laptop in my back pocket
My pen'll go off when I half-cock it
Got a fat knot from that rap profit
Made a living and a killing off it
Ever since Bill Clinton was still in office
With Monica Lewinsky feeling on his nut-sack
I'm an MC still as honest
But as rude and indecent as all hell syllables, killaholic (Kill 'em all with)
This slickety, gibbedy, hibbedy hip hop
You don't really wanna get into a pissing match with this rappidy rap
Packing a Mac in the back of the Ac, pack backpack rap, yep, yackidy-yac
The exact same time I attempt these lyrical acrobat stunts while I'm practicing
That I'll still be able to break a motherfuckin' table
Over the back of a couple of faggots and crack it in half
Only realized it was ironic I was signed to Aftermath after the fact
How could I not blow? All I do is drop F-bombs, feel my wrath of attack
Rappers are having a rough time period, here's a Maxipad
It's actually disastrously bad
For the wack while I'm masterfully constructing this masterpiece as
I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
Now who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box, slap box?
Let me show you maintaining this shit ain't that hard, that hard
Everybody want the key and the secret to rap immortality like I have got
Well, to be truthful the blueprint's simply rage and youthful exuberance
Everybody loves to root for a nuisance
Hit the earth like an asteroid, did nothing but shoot for the moon since
MC's get taken to school with this music
Cause I use it as a vehicle to bust a rhyme
Now I lead a new school full of students
Me? I'm a product of Rakim, Lakim Shabazz, 2Pac N-
-W.A, Cube, hey, Doc, Ren, Yella, Eazy, thank you, they got Slim
Inspired enough to one day grow up, blow up and be in a position
To meet Run DMC and induct them into the motherfuckin' Rock n'
Roll Hall of Fame
Even though I walk in the church and burst in a ball of flames
Only Hall of Fame I be inducted in is the alcohol of fame
On the wall of shame
You fags think it's all a game 'til I walk a flock of flames
Off of planking, tell me what in the fuck are you thinking?
Little gay looking boy
So gay I can barely say it with a straight face looking boy
You witnessing a massacre
Like you watching a church gathering take place looking boy
Oy vey, that boy's gay, that's all they say looking boy
You get a thumbs up, pat on the back
And a way to go from your label everyday looking boy
Hey, looking boy, what you say looking boy?
I got a "hell yeah" from Dre looking boy
I'mma work for everything I have
Never ask nobody for shit, get outta my face looking boy
Basically boy you're never gonna be capable
To keep up with the same pace looking boy
'Cause I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
The way I'm racing around the track, call me Nascar, Nascar
Dale Earnhardt of the trailer park, the White Trash God
Kneel before General Zod this planet's Krypton, no Asgard, Asgard
So you be Thor and I'll be Odin, you rodent, I'm omnipotent
Let off then I'm reloading immediately with these bombs I'm totin'
And I should not be woken
I'm the walking dead, but I'm just a talking head, a zombie floating
But I got your mom deep throating
I'm out my ramen noodle, we have nothing in common, poodle
I'm a doberman, pinch yourself in the arm and pay homage, pupil
It's me, my honesty's brutal
But it's honestly futile if I don't utilize what I do though
For good at least once in a while
So I wanna make sure somewhere in this chicken scratch I scribble and doodle
Enough rhymes to maybe to try and help get some people through tough times
But I gotta keep a few punchlines just in case cause even you unsigned
Rappers are hungry looking at me like it's lunchtime
I know there was a time where once I
Was king of the underground, but I still rap like I'm on my Pharoahe Monch grind
So I crunch rhymes, but sometimes when you combine
Appeal with the skin color of mine
You get too big and here they come trying to,
Censor you like that one line I said on "I'm Back" from the Marshall Mathers LP
One where I tried to say I take seven kids from Columbine
Put 'em all in a line, add an AK-47, a revolver and a nine
See if I get away with it now that I ain't as big as I was, but I've
Morphed into an immortal coming through the portal
You're stuck in a time warp from 2004 though
And I don't know what the fuck that you rhyme for
You're pointless as Rapunzel with fucking cornrows
You're like normal, fuck being normal
And I just bought a new Raygun from the future
To just come and shoot ya like when Fabolous made Ray J mad
'Cause Fab said he looked like a fag at Maywhether's pad
Singin' to a man while they played piano
Man, oh man, that was a 24/7 special on the cable channel
So Ray J went straight to the radio station the very next day
"Hey, Fab, I'mma kill you"
Lyrics coming at you at supersonic speed, (JJ Fad)
Uh, sama lamaa duma lamaa you assuming I'm a human
What I gotta do to get it through to you I'm superhuman
Innovative and I'm made of rubber
So that anything you saying ricocheting off of me and it'll glue to you
I'm never stating, more than never demonstrating
How to give a motherfuckin' audience a feeling like it's levitating
Never fading, and I know that the haters are forever waiting
For the day that they can say I fell off, they'd be celebrating
Cause I know the way to get 'em motivated
I make elevating music, you make elevator music
Oh, he's too mainstream
Well, that's what they do when they get jealous, they confuse it
It's not hip hop, it's pop, cause I found a hella way to fuse it
With rock, shock rap with Doc
Throw on Lose Yourself and make 'em lose it
I don't know how to make songs like that
I don't know what words to use
Let me know when it occurs to you
While I'm ripping any one of these verses diverse as you
It's curtains, I'm inadvertently hurtin' you
How many verses I gotta murder to,
Prove that if you're half as nice at songs you can sacrifice virgins too uh!
School flunkie, pill junky
But look at the accolades the skills brung me
Full of myself, but still hungry
I bully myself cause I make me do what I put my mind to
And I'm a million leagues above you, ill when I speak in tongues
But it's still tongue in cheek, fuck you
I'm drunk so Satan take the fucking wheel, I'm asleep in the front seat
Bumping Heavy D and the Boys, still chunky, but funky
But in my head there's something I can feel tugging and struggling
Angels fight with devils, here's what they want from me
They asking me to eliminate some of the women hate
But if you take into consideration the bitter hatred that I had
Then you may be a little patient and more sympathetic to the situation
And understand the discrimination
But fuck it, life's handing you lemons, make lemonade then
But if I can't batter the women how the fuck am I supposed to bake them a cake then?
Don't mistake it for Satan
It's a fatal mistake if you think I need to be overseas
And take a vacation to trip a broad
And make her fall on her face and don't be a retard
Be a king? Think not, why be a king when you can be a God?

_____
(Eminem Speaking)
Most people don't see how much work is really involved
in this rap shit
I didn't know it
I didn't see it
I never saw it until i was actually in it
You really gotta be in it
To understand what its like
But you always gotta
People always gotta see your smile
You always gotta put on that fake
You know what i'm sayin
No matter what u just been through
(B-Real)
So you wanna be a rap superstar
And live large a big house
5 cars, you're in charge
Comin up in the world
Don't trust nobody
Gotta look over your shoulder constantly
(B-Real)
I remember the days when i was a young kid growin up
Lookin in the mirror dreamin about blowin up
To rock crowds make money
Chill wit the honies
Sign autographs and whatever the people want from me
Shits funny
How impossible cream manifest in the games that be comin with it
Never the less you gotta go for the gusto
But you don't know about the blood sweat and tears
and losin some of your peers
And losin some of your self
Music has past gone by
Hopefully you don't manifest for the wrong guy
Egomaniac in the brainiac
Don't know how to act
Shits deep
48 tracks
Studio gangsta mack
Sign a deal emcees wanna make a mill
But never will
Till he crosses over still
Feelin no hate
But fantasies come wit these
Just to sacrifice the taste of makin cheese
You wanna be a rap superstar in the biz
And take shit from people who don't know what it is
I wish it was all fun and games
But the price of fame is high
And some can't pay to play
Trapped in what you rappin about
Tell me what happened when you lost clout
The rout you took started collapsing
No

_____
Rata inmunda
animal rastrero
escoria de la vida
adefecio mal hecho
infra humano
expectro del infierno
maldita sabandija
cuanto dano me has hecho
alimana
culebra ponsonosa
deshecho de la vida
te odio y te desprecio
rata de dos patas
te estoy hablando a ti
porque un bicho rastrero
aun siendo el mas maldito
comparado contigo
se queda muy chikito
maldita sanguijuela
maldita cucaracha
que infectas donde picas
que hieres y que matas
alimana
culebra ponsonosa
deshecho de la vida
te odio y te desprecio
rata de dos patas
te estoy hablando a ti
porque un bicho rastrero
aun siendo el mas maldito
comparado contigo
se queda muy chikito
ME ESTAS OLLIENDO INUTIL LLENA DEL INFIERNO CUANTO TE ODIO Y TE DESPRECIO!
maldita sanguijuela
maldita cucaracha
que infectas donde picas
que hieres y que matas
alimana
culebra ponsonosa
deshecho de la vida
te odio y te desprecio
rata de dos patas
te estoy hablando a ti
porque un bicho rastrero
aun siendo el mas maldito
comparado contigo
se queda muy chikito

_____
May I have your attention please,
May I have your attention please,
Will the real Slim Santa please stand up.
I repeat will the real Slim Santa please stand up.
We're gonna have a problem here.
You all act like you've never seen Santa before,
Toys all over your floor, who the hell ya think brought them?
It wasn't your drunk dad or your mother that whore,
It was me and now I'm skinny and I'll tell you the score.
Its the return of Christmas but not the jolly fat elf,
my ass got so big I couldn't wipe it myself.
My doctor said, "Santa you've never looked worse, lose 200 pounds
or your heart's gonna burst."
Everybody loved me big and fat
ho-ho-ho,
Big ass Santa look at him walking around,
his belly like jelly, have some more eggnog.
They didn't give a *fuzz* if my arteries clogged,
So I said *fuzz* them and I joined a gym.
Started eatting low-fat cookies and drinking milk that was skim.
I lost so much weight I can see my candy cane,
and Mrs. Clause is happy I can *fuzz* her again.
(Your name is on my list) x2,
and if your nice, not naughty I might give you a little gift.
But here's a message for you if your a big fat slob,
If your gut is in the way your girl won't bobble your knob.
You can't expect a hoe to gobble your goo,
if you just sit there eatting twinkies,
watching Scooby Doo.
If you ain't nothing but chubby,
no girl wants a fat hubby, you'll end
up working construction.
Your love life lies in ruins and destruction,
by the time your 30 you'll be asking Santa for liposuction.
But if your thin you'll get seduction,
underneath the mistletoe.
Sing the chorus and it goes!
I'm Slim Santa, yes I'm the real Kringle.
All you fly girls like my balls cause they jiggle,
so won't the Real Slim Santa please stand up,
please stand up, please stand up.
Cause I'm Slim Santa, yes I'm the Saint Nick.
All you other fat Santa's can suck my fat *fuzz*,
so won't the Real Slim Santa please stand up,
please stand up, please stand up.
Ho-Ho-Ho I guess theres a Slim Santa in all of us.
On Donner on Blitzen lets get the *fuzz* out of here!
WEESSSTTTSIDEEEEE (echoed)

_____
[Feat. RBX, Sticky Fingaz]
{*spray can being shook up and sprayed several times*}
[RBX]
Remember me? ( Step in, execution )
Remember me? ( I have no remorse )
Remember me? ( I'm 'High Powered' )
Remember me? ( I drop bombs like Hiroshima )
For this one it's the X, you retarded?
Cause I grab the mic and get DOWN, like Syndrome
Hide and roam into the masses, without boundaries
which qualifies me for the term  universal
Without no rehearsal, I leak words that's controversial
Like I'm not, the one you wanna contest, see
cause I'll hit yo' ass like the train did that bitch
that got  Banned From TV  -- heavyweight hitter
Hit you watch your whole head split up
Loco-is-the-motion, we comin through
Hollow tips is the lead, the .45 threw
[Sticky Fingaz]
Remember me? ( Throw ya gunz in the air! )
Remember me? ( Slam!  Slam! )
Remember me? ( Nigga 'Bacdafucup' )
Remember me? ( Chka-chka-Onyx! )
Niggaz that take no for an answer, get told no
Yeah I been told no but it was more like,  No, no, no!!!
Life a bitch that'll fuck you if you let her
Better come better than better to be a competitor
this vet is ahead of,
The shit is all redder, you deader and deader
A medic instead-a the cheddars and credda
Settle vendetta one metal beretta from ghetto to ghetto
Evidence?  NOPE!  Never leave a shred-of
I got the soul of every rapper in me, love me or hate me
My moms got raped by the industry and made me
I'm the illest nigga ever, I told you
I get more pussy than them dyke bitches Total
Want beef, nigga?  PBBT!  You better dead that shit
My name should be  Can't-Believe-That-Nigga-Said-That-Shit
Probably sayin,  He ain't a killer , but I'm killin myself
Smoke death, fuck bitches raw, on the kitchen floor
So think what I'ma do to you, have done to you
Got niggaz in my hood who'd do that shit for a blunt or two
What you wanna do, cocksuckers?  We glock busters
'Til the cops cuff us, we'll start ruckus and drop blockbusters
'Round the clock hustlers, you cannot touch us
I'm gettin wires niggaz wantin me dead, wantin my head
You think it could be somethin I said? {*echoes*}
[Eminem]
Remember me? ( I just don't give a fuck! )
Remember me? ( Yeah, fuck you too! )
Remember me? ( I'm low down and I'm shifty! )
Remember me? ( I'm Shady! )
When I go out, I'ma go out shootin
I don't mean when I die, I mean when I go out to the club, stupid
I'm tryin to clear up my fuckin' image,
so I promised the fuckin critics
I wouldn't say  fuckin  for six minutes
(*click* Six minutes, Slim Shady, you're on)
My baby's mom, bitch made me an angry blonde
So I made me a song, killed her and put Hailie on
I may be wrong, I keep thinkin these crazy thoughts
in my cranium, but I'm stuck with a crazy mom
( Is she really on as much dope as you say she's on? )
Came home, and somebody musta broke in the back window
and stole two loaded machine guns and both of my trenchcoats
Sick sick dreams of picnic scenes, two kids, sixteen
with M-16's and ten clips each
And them shits reach through six kids each
And Slim gets blamed in Bill Clint's speech to fix these streets?
FUCK THAT!  PBBT!  Tou faggots can vanish to volcanic ash
and re-appear in hell with a can of gas, AND a match
Aftermath, Dre, grab the gat, show 'em where it's at
(What the fuck you starin at, nigga?)
Don't you remember me?!
Remember me?!!
Remember me??!
REMEMBER ME!!!!

_____
[*spray can being shook up and sprayed several times*]
[RBX]
Remember me? ("Step in, execution")
Remember me? ("I have no remorse")
Remember me? ("I'm 'High Powered'")
Remember me? ("I drop bombs like Hiroshima")
For this one it's the X, you retarded?
Cause I grab the mic and get DOWN, like Syndrome
Hide and roam into the masses, without boundaries
which qualifies me for the term "universal"
Without no rehearsal, I leak words that's controversial
Like I'm not, the one you wanna contest, see
cause I'll hit yo' ass like the train did that bitch
that got "Banned From TV" -- heavyweight hitter
Hit you watch your whole head split up
Loco-is-the-motion, we comin through
Hollow tips is the lead, the .45 threw
[Sticky Fingaz]
Remember me? ("Throw ya gunz in the air!")
Remember me? ("Slam! Slam!")
Remember me? ("Nigga 'Bacdafucup'")
Remember me? ("Chka-chka-Onyx!")
Niggaz that take no for an answer, get told no
Yeah I been told no but it was more like, "No, no, no!!!"
Life a bitch that'll fuck you if you let her
Better come better than better to be a competitor
this vet is ahead of,
The shit is all redder, you deader and deader
A medic instead-a the cheddars and credda
Settle vendetta one metal beretta from ghetto to ghetto
Evidence? NOPE! Never leave a shred-of
I got the soul of every rapper in me, love me or hate me
My moms got raped by the industry and made me
I'm the illest nigga ever, I told you
I get more pussy than them dyke bitches Total
Want beef, nigga? PBBT! You better dead that shit
My name should be "Can't-Believe-That-Nigga-Said-That-Shit"
Probably sayin, "He ain't a killer", but I'm killin myself
Smoke death, fuck bitches raw, on the kitchen floor
So think what I'ma do to you, have done to you
Got niggaz in my hood who'd do that shit for a blunt or two
What you wanna do, cocksuckers? We glock busters
'Til the cops cuff us, we'll start ruckus and drop blockbusters
'Round the clock hustlers, you cannot touch us
I'm gettin wires niggaz wantin me dead, wantin my head
You think it could be somethin I said? {*echoes*}
[Eminem]
Remember me? ("I just don't give a fuck!")
Remember me? ("Yeah, fuck you too!")
Remember me? ("I'm low down and I'm shifty!")
Remember me? ("I'm Shady!")
When I go out, I'ma go out shootin
I don't mean when I die, I mean when I go out to the club, stupid
I'm tryin to clear up my fuckin' image,
so I promised the fuckin critics
I wouldn't say "fuckin" for six minutes
(*click* Six minutes, Slim Shady, you're on)
My baby's mom, bitch made me an angry blonde
So I made me a song, killed her and put Hailie on
I may be wrong, I keep thinkin these crazy thoughts
in my cranium, but I'm stuck with a crazy mom
("Is she really on as much dope as you say she's on?")
Came home, and somebody musta broke in the back window
and stole two loaded machine guns and both of my trenchcoats
Sick sick dreams of picnic scenes, two kids, sixteen
with M-16's and ten clips each
And them shits reach through six kids each
And Slim gets blamed in Bill Clint's speech to fix these streets?
FUCK THAT! PBBT! Tou faggots can vanish to volcanic ash
and re-appear in hell with a can of gas, AND a match
Aftermath, Dre, grab the gat, show 'em where it's at
(What the fuck you starin at, nigga?)
Don't you remember me?!
Remember me?!!
Remember me??!
REMEMBER ME!!!!

_____
(jay z)
Motherfuckers -
say that I'm foolish I only talk about jewels (bling bling)
Do you fools listen to music or do you just skim through it?
See I'm influenced by the ghetto you ruined
That same dude you gave nothin, I made somethin doin
what I do through and through and
I give you the news - with a twist it's just his ghetto point-of-view
The renegade; you been afraid
I penetrate pop culture, bring 'em a lot closer to the block where they
pop toasters, and they live with they moms
Got dropped roasters, from botched robberies niggaz crossed over
Mommy's knocked up cause she wasn't watched over
Knocked down by some clown when child support knocked
No he's not around - now how that sound to ya, jot it down
I bring it through the ghetto without ridin 'round
hidin down duckin strays from frustrated youths stuck in they ways
Just read a magazine that fucked up my day
How you rate music that thugs with nothin relate to it?
I help them see they way through it - not you
Can't step in my pants, can't walk in my shoes
Bet everything you worth; you lose your tie and your shirt
[Eminem]
Since I'm in a position to talk to these kids and they listen
I ain't no politician but I'll kick it with 'em a minute
Cause see they call me a menace; and if the shoe fits I'll wear it
But if it don't, then y'all'll swallow the truth grin and bear it
Now who's these king of these rude ludicrous lucrative lyrics
Who could inherit the title, put the youth in hysterics
usin his music to steer it sharin his views and his merits
But there's a huge interference - they're sayin you shouldn't hear it
Maybe it's hatred I spew, maybe it's food for the spirit
Maybe it's beautiful music I made for you to just cherish
But I'm debated disputed hated and viewed in America
as a motherfuckin drug addict - like you didn't experiment?
Now now, that's when you start to stare at who's in the mirror
and see yourself as a kid again, and you get embarrased
And I got nothin to do but make you look stupid as parents
You fuckin do-gooders - too bad you couldn't do good at marriage!
(Ha ha!) And do you have any clue what I had to do to get here I don't
think you do so stay tuned and keep your ears glued to the stereo
Cause here we go - he's {*Jigga joint Jigga-chk-Jigga*}
And I'm the sinister, Mr. Kiss-My-Ass it's just the
[Eminem]
RENEGADE! Never been afraid to say
what's on my mind at, any given time of day
Cause I'm a RENEGADE! Never been afraid to talk
about anything (ANYTHING) anything (ANYTHING), RENEGADE!
(jay z )
Never been afraid to say
what's on my mind at, any given time of day
Cause I'm a RENEGADE Never been afraid to holler
about anything anything? Anything ANYTHING!
(jay z)
I had to hustle, my back to the wall, ashy knuckles
Pockets filled with a lot of lint, not a cent
Gotta vent, lot of innocent of lives lost on the project bench
Whatchu hollerin? Gotta pay rent, bring dollars in
By the bodega, iron under my coat, feelin braver
Doo-rag wrappin my waves up, pockets full of hope
Do not step to me - I'm awkward, I box leftier often
My pops left me an orphan, my momma wasn't home
Could not stress to me I wasn't grown; 'specially on nights
I brought somethin home to quiet the stomach rumblings
My demeanor - thirty years my senior
My childhood didn't mean much, only raisin green up
Raisin my fingers to critics; raisin my head to the sky
Big I did it - multi before I die (nigga)
No lie, just know I chose my own fate
I drove by the fork in the road and went straight
[Eminem]
See I'm a poet to some, a regular modern day Shakespeare
Jesus Christ the King of these Latter Day Saints here
To shatter the picture in which of that as they paint me
as a monger of hate and Satan a scatter-brained atheist
But that ain't the case, see it's a matter of taste
We as a people decide if Shady's as bad as they say he is
Or is he the latter - a gateway to escape?
Media scapegoat, who they can be mad at today
See it's easy as cake, simple as whistlin Dixie
while I'm wavin the pistol at sixty Christians against me
Go to war with the Mormons, take a bath with the Catholics
in holy water - no wonder they try to hold me under longer
I'm a motherfuckin spiteful, DELIGHTFUL eyeful
The new Ice Cube - motherfuckers HATE to like you
What did I do? (huh?) I'm just a kid from the gutter
makin this butter off these bloodsuckers, cause I'm a muh'fuckin
[Eminem]
RENEGADE! Never been afraid to say
what's on my mind at, any given time of day
Cause I'm a RENEGADE! Never been afraid to talk
about anything (ANYTHING) anything (ANYTHING), RENEGADE!
(jay z)
Never been afraid to say
what's on my mind at, any given time of day
Cause I'm a RENEGADE Never been afraid to holler
about anything anything? Anything ANYTHING!
[Eminem]
RENEGADE! Never been afraid to say
what's on my mind at, any given time of day
Cause I'm a RENEGADE! Never been afraid to talk
about anything (ANYTHING) anything (ANYTHING), RENEGADE!
(jay z)
Never been afraid to say
what's on my mind at, any given time of day
Cause I'm a RENEGADE Never been afraid to holler
about anything anything? Anything ANYTHING!

_____
First word, excrimate
Exclimate, is that what you said?
My next defense, against these extra men
Who try to step to me and wanna have sex again
(Vaseline)
You little sickass, I'll spray you with gasoline
They try to jack me off with Vaseline
My ass is clean, I smash your spleen
When I crash the scene
(Cell phone)
With a cell phone, now who the hell is home?
Y'all can't tell Paul how to throw me words
(Animal crackers)
Cause animal crackers is what I do when I eat MC's like a cannibal backwards
Ha ha, I got it, that's not it
Fake rappers get spotted
(Broken headphones)
Like broken headphones, you head home, you speed home
You get your head blown, rappers try to step, they speak in the dead tones
So I ain't trying to hear them, give me another, word to your mother
(Stretch Armstrong)
Stretch Armstrong, my brother, coming with rhymes every time that I be drumming
Running with this shit when I kick MC's in the stomach
And star wars, this car's a Taurus
Yo, how many bars we hit tonight, cause I'm drunk off
(Peanut butter)
Off peanut butter, you see my dick and you start to stutter
Start to utter, words that you shouldn't utter
(Mark Whalberg)
Cause Mark Whalberg is a small turd, and I'ma step on him like dogshit
A fore fist, so rappers just get off it, I come across with
(Pulp fiction)
With pulp fiction, yo I'll eat you like a big gulp addiction
Like slurpees, got herpes, got a head a piece, rest my anises(?)
Got brain damage, I'm dumber than brain madness(?)
There's mayonnaise on this, I need a plain sandwich
Hurry up, give me one, rappers wanna step to this, they give me none
(Fresh vegetables)
With fresh vegetables, my testicles are hanging off to the left of you
You're bisexual, and there's a guy next to you, standing, rappers know that I
be-
(Preparation H)
Preparation H, you didn't even let me finish my rhyme
Just shut up for one more time, while I just jime, on this
Microphone, cause I'ma be honest, any MC who tries to step to this
I'm making you a promise, that what? Give me a word
(Nostradamus)
That Nostradamus is blowing up your house, killing your foster mammas
And coming back to get your parents, well I have it
These rhymes are fourteen karat, solid gold
Rappers step to me, you get your wallet stole
(Times Square)
In Times Square, I got blond hair, I'm higher than con air
Rappers don't want to see me, I'll butt fuck Goldie Hawn bare
In a lawn chair, cause I'm there
(Kurt Russell)
With Kurt Russell, saying ?come here Goldie, you want my love muscle??
I know you want it, I get plunted(?), then I
Kick these, freestyles just like whipped knees
(Taxicab)
With a taxicab, I'll smack a bitch with a maxi pad
Where we going? Don't ask me dad
Leave me alone, I'm not trying, to even hear you
Dad, I hope you're fucking dying, off this porno mag
Yo, did you see my ad? Yo, wait a minute, did you see my ass?
Is what I meant to say, I meant to say a rhyme that goes this way is elementary
For the century, Slim Shady's is gonna be the illest
(Flamingos)
What? Flamingos? My mother goes out and plays bingo
Every single day, at the bingo hall, that's why my dick is single, small
Didn't blow up, just don't give a what? A cuff?
Didn't blow up, just don't give a what? A cuff?
(DT's fired)
But DT's fired, he's retired, he's not hired, yo plus I'm tired
Of busting and spitting this rhyme nonstop, I'm on top
Taking records to the pawnshop, stretch
Damn, see my big ick? Catch
Put a D in front of it, rappers don't want none of it
Coming with a ton of shit to spill, Slim Shady yo, I get ill with the skill
Baby, aight baby, Slim Shady
Kick eighty million rhymes, till I'm older than Grady
Spilled gravy, all over my damn navy blue avi
Bye bye

_____
yo(6x) LIL P now right back in your motherfucking ass
verse:1
yo when I was little the first word was shit
dope shit nobody no this but im smoke shit
nothing to loose I hate chicks skinny bitches with wet pussy's
that fake shit you say that I say this I hate my ex wife with
her small tits and wit her small bra all over her drips
everybody can kiss my ass if you like it don't you like it
go kill your wife and kids and steal his pocket money to buy
some LIL P hits this is rap first beat with las fuck your wife in her ass
while she is dead and that's the best last sex that you ever had
I hate every fucking nazi on my school off in the 'S' im fucking sick
off those motherfucking fags if I had a gun im shoot all those
motherfuckers dead and pick one and shoot him on his head
yes now I can laugh you know why cuz im a SUPERMAN
fly to the grand canyon and help some superspanish gunshot victims
BANG,BANG,BANG yeah that's my style LIL P in the range
I chopped a fan with my ass in Amsterdam
(LIL P talking)
haha!!....fucking faggots I got something for ya
here take this (gunshot5x)yeah in your fucking head
little pussy's I hate all ya who hate me......im dun(gunshot1x)

_____
Once you call my name out things will never be the same....
They should have never let us get off foot in this game...
Ever since I was introduced to rap music
I been missin a screw like Bishop and Juice
I could lose it at any moment
Those who know me know it
So they probaly told you go with the flow
Just so that I don't explode
And have another episode where I let it go as far as
The one with Benzino did I'm waitin for that next beef,
I'm cocked, locked and loaded
I'm ready to go so bad I'm goin bananas,
My dick's so hard Anna Nicole could use it to fuckin pole vault with
Oh shit, I mean when she was still bloated
Before they cut her stomach open and lipoed it
Anybody I throw flames at gets a name it's a game
Cause they know that they don't spit the same
It's a shame, what people do for 10 minutes of fame
Everyday it's the same thing,
People in this game try to buddy buddy us
Just to get close enough to study us
Everybody just wants to have somethin to do with that
They all tryin to get that stamp
They after that Shady - Aftermath money
It's like a monopoly
They probaly just now finally understand how to rob fully
50 Cent was like a fuckin jackpot for me
And Dre, it's like we hit the fuckin lottery
And a damn slot machine at the same time as eachother
Why the fuck you think we ride like we brothers
When we rhyme with eachother
In time we discovered that we have more in common
Then we thought with eachother
Both robbed of our mothers
Our fathers ain't want us
What was wrong with us, was it our fault
Cause we started thinkin god doesn't love us
Two odd motheruckers who just happened to meet at the right time
What a coincidence cause when 50 got shot up in Jamaica Queens
I still remember the call up in ??
Big L had just got popped just a month before
If 50 lives he's gettin dropped from Columbia
Two years later me and Doc had to come and operate
That's when he popped up a number one
And we ain't never gonna stop if you wond-erin
Even if I'm under the gun
You ain't gotta agree all the time with me
Or see eye to eye there'll always be animosity between you and I
But see the difference is if it is I could give a shit
Still gonna conduct motherfuckin buisness as usual
Ego's aside, fore I bruise em' all
Swallow your pride fore I step on it with shoes you call Nike's
Earth links how do you like these you gotta love them
Look at the bottom of em' they're like cleats
Stompin, I been rompin since Tim Dogg was hollerin
'Fuck Compton'
I was whilin', freestylin back when they was still makin Maxell cassettes
I wasn't even raps Elvis yet
That tells us that any doubts in your head that seals the shit
Ricky-Ticky-Toc-Ticky-Ticky-Toc
Still with the Diggy-Diggy-Doc-Diggy-Diggy-Doc
And you don't stop

_____
Yeaaah Yeaah
I just wanna be your man, mmm
and show you who I am
But I won't rush my love for you
if you don't feel it too
Come with me and you will see
how deep my love for you can be
If you let me know then I can let go and release me from you
and if you don't tell me then I wont break free like a lion in a zoo
But come with me and I wont let you go
Come with me and I will let you know on and on
I'll be right here next to you
No one is ever gonna let you down
not as long as you got me around
You got me around
Right here next to you
I am right here baby, yeaaah
I am feeling inside
Please let me stay here for the night
Tell me how you feel just let me know
Baby should I stay or should I go
and if you let me know then I can let go and release me from you
if you don't tell me then I won't break free like a lion in a zoo
Yeaaah
Come with me and I wont let you go
Come with me and I will let you know on and on
Ill be right here next to you
No one is ever gonna let you down
not as long as you got me around
You got me around
Right here next to you
Yeaaah
The days go by
I watch you cry
Just let me be the one who wipes away your tears
At night
Come with me
I won't let you go
(Come with me)
No no
(On and on)
I'll be right here next to you
Come with me and I won't let you go
Come with me and I will let you know on and on
I'll be right here next to you
No one is ever gonna let you down
not as long as you got me around
You got me around
Right here next to you

_____
Rise And Fall
(Track 13 on "Rotator")
I want it
I need it
I know the way there
Ups and downs
Turnarounds
I know the feeling
Somehow I
Seem to find you on my mind
Sunshines on
Horizon
I know the feeling
You call me
Restore me
I know the feeling
Somehow I
Seem to find you on my mind
Rise and fall
To the one you call
She looks down into my eyes
Rise and fall
To the one you call
She looks down into my eyes
And I can see you smile
And I know we will rise and fall
Tonight
The fine lines
Where light shines
Such a good feeling
I need to be near you
To share that feeling
Somehow I
Seem to find you on my mind
Rise and fall
To the one you call
She looks down into my eyes
Rise and fall
To the one you call
She looks down into my eyes
And I can see you smile
And I know we will rise and fall
Tonight

_____
(It's okay, it's okay. I'm gonna make it anyway.)
Sometimes I just feel like
Quittin I still might
Why do I put up this fight?
Why do I still write?
Sometimes it's hard enough just dealing with real life
Sometimes I wanna jump on stage and just kill mics
And show these people what my level of skill's like
But I'm still white
Sometimes I just hate life
Somethin ain't right
Hit the breaklights
In case of the stage fright
Draw on the blank light
(Uhh, But if I fall, It ain't my fault, Breakin eyeballs, My insides crawl)
And I clam up (SMASH!)
I just slam shut
I just can't do it
My whole manhood's just been stripped
I've just been ripped
So I must been dipped
Or the bustin split
Man fuck this shit yo
I'm goin the fuck home
Rollin my shoulders as I run back to this 8 Mile Rd.
(Chorus)
I'm a man
I'ma make a new plan
Time for me to stand up and travel new land
Time for me to just to take matters into my own hands
Once I'm over these tracks man
I'ma never look back
(8 Mile Rd.)
And I'm gone
I don't like where I'm goin
Sorry mama I've grown
I must travel alone
Ain't no followin no footsteps
I'm makin my own
Only way I know how to escape from this 8 Mile Rd.
Walkin these traintracks
Tryin to regain back the spirit I have
'Fore I go back to the same crap (SMASH!)
To the same plant
And the same pants
Tryin to chase rap
Gotta move A.S.A.P.
Get a new plan
Mama's got a new man
Poor little baby sister
She don't understand
Sits in front of the TV, bury's her nose in the pad
And just colors until the crayon gets dull in her hand
While she colors her big brother, her mother, and dad
Ain't no tellin what really goes on in her little head
Wish I could be the daddy that neither one of us had
But I keep runnin from somethin I never wanted so bad
Sometimes I get upset
Cuz I ain't blew up yet
It's like I grew up, but I aint grownin two nuts yet
Don't gotta rap my step
Don't got enough pep
The pressure's too much man
I'm just tryin to do what's best
And I try
Sit alone and I cry
Yo I won't tell a lie
Not a moment goes by
That I don't pray to the sky
Please I'm beggin you God
Please don't let me be pigeon holdin on regular job
Yo I hope you can hear me hommie
Wherever you are
Yo I'm tellin you dog
I'm bailin this trailor tomorrow
Tell my mother I love her
Kiss baby sister goodbye
Say whenever you need me baby
I'm never too far
But yo, I gotta get out there
The only way I know
And I'ma do that for you
On the second that I blow
On everything I own
I'll make it on my own
Off to work I go
Back to this 8 Mile Rd.
(Chorus)
Ya gotta live it to feel it
If you didn't you wouldn't get it
We'll see what the big deal is
Why it wasn't, it still is
To be walkin this border line of Detroit city's limit
It's different, it's a certain significant certificate of authenticity
You'd never even see
But it's everything to me
It's my credibility
You've never seen, heard, smell, or met an MC
Who's incredible and on the same pedistool as me
But check
Still unsigned
Havin a rough time
Sit on the porch with all my friend's who kick dumb rhymes
Go to work
And servin MC's in the lunch line
But when it come's crunch time
Where do my punch lines go?
Who must I show?
To bust my flow?
Where must I go?
Who must I know?
Or am I just another crab in the bucket
Cuz I ain't havin no luck with this little rabbit so fuck it
Maybe I need a new outlit
I'm startin to doubt shit
I'm feelin a little scepticle
Of who I hang out with
I look like a bum
Yo my clothes ain't about shit
At the Salvation Army
Tryin to salvage and outfit
And it's cold
Tryin to travel this road
Plus I feel like I'm only stuck in this battlin mode
My defenses are so up
And one thing I don't want
Is pity from no one
The city is no fun
There is no sun
And it's so dark
Sometimes I feel like I'm just being pulled apart
Being torn in my limbs
By each one of my friends
Enough to just make me wanna jump outta my skin
Sometimes I feel like a robot
Sometimes I just know not what I'm doin
I just blow
My head is a stove top
I just explode
The kettle gets so hot
Sometimes my mouth just overloads the acid I don't got
But I've learned
It's time for me to U-Turn
Yo it only takes one time for me to get burnt
Ain't no fallin
No next time
Imeet a new girl
I can no longer play stupid
Or be immature
I've got every ingredient
All I need is the courage
Like I already got to beat
All I need is the words
Got the urge
Suddenly its a search
Suddenly a new verse of energy has occured
Time to show these free world leaders
Three in the third
I am no longer scared now
I'm free as a bird
And I turn and cross over
The median curb
Hit the burbs and all you see is a blur on 8 mile rd.
(Chorus)

_____
Ah yeah, yo!
This song is dedicated to all the happy people
All the happy people who have real nice lives
And who have no idea whats it like to be broke as fuck
Verse One:
I feel like I'm walking a tight rope, without a circus net
I'm popping perkasets, I'm a nervous wreck
I deserve respect; but I work a sweat for this worthless check
Bout to burst this tech, at somebody to reverse this debt
Minimum wage got my adrenaline caged
Full of venom and rage
Especially when I'm engaged
And my daughter's down to her last diaper
That's got my ass hyper
I pray that god answers, maybe I'll ask nicer
Watching ballers while they flossing in their pathfinders
These overnight stars becoming autograph signers
We'll all gone blow up and leave the past behind us
Along with the small fry's and average half pinters
While playa haters turn bitch like they have vaginas
Cause we see them dollar signs and let the cash blind us
Money will brainwash you and leave your ass mindless
Snakes slither in the grass spineless
Chorus: repeat 2X
That's Rock Bottom
When this life makes you mad enough to kill
That's Rock Bottom
When you want something bad enough you'll steal
That's Rock Bottom
When you feel you have had it up to here
Cause you mad enough to scream but you sad enough to tear
Verse Two:
My life is full of empty promises
And broken dreams
I'm hoping things will look up
But there ain't no job openings
I feel discouraged hungry and malnourished
Living in this house with no furnace, unfurnished
And I'm sick of working dead end jobs with lame pay
And I'm tired of being hired and fired the same day
But fuck it, if you know the rules to the game play
Cause when we die we know were all going the same way
It's cool to be player, but it sucks to be the fan
When all you need is bucks to be the man
Plus a luxury sedan
Too comfortable and roomy in a six
They threw me in the mix
With all these gloomy lunatics
Walk around depressed
And smoke a pound of ses a day
And yesterday went by so quick it seems like it was just today
My daughter wants to throw the ball but I'm too stressed to play
Live half my life and throw the rest away
Chorus
There's people that love me and people that hate me
But it's the evil that made me this backstabbing, deceitful, and shady
I want the money, the women, the fortune, and the fame
That Means I'll end up burning in hell scorching in flames
That means I'm stealing your checkbook and forging your name
Lifetime bliss for eternal torture and pain
Right now I feel like just hit the rock bottom
I got problems now everybody on my blocks got 'em
I'm screaming like those two cops when 2pac shot 'em
Holding two glocks, I hope your doors got new locks on 'em
My daughter's feet ain't got no shoes or sock's on 'em
And them rings you wearing look like they got a few rocks on 'em
And while you flaunting them I could be taking them to shops to pawn them
I got a couple of rings and a brand new watch you want 'em?
Cause I never went gold of one song
I'm running up on someone's lawns with guns drawn
Chorus

_____
[Eminem]
Rock
City
Royce
5
9
Slim
Shady
Come on!
[Royce Da 5'9]
Can't stop the hustle,
Royce nickel nine, glocks stop the tussel
Nine shots'll bust you, Pine Box we stuff you
Fuck You
[Eminem]
Fuck You
[Royce Da 5'9]
I am not the tussel
niggas dont know me
[Eminem]
come on
[Royce Da 5'9]
I'm Detroit's king, nigga, bow
Rock City's where the niggas pimp hoes, and ball
Strip hoes in bars, steal clothes in malls
[Eminem]
As long as your citys got the bombs?
then your citys got the alarms?
Then your cities got the...
[Royce Da 5'9]
Titties saggin, lookin like they got four arms
Gold bottles, green bottles, Cris' to the Don
Niggas get popped, for sellin weed shaked with seeds
If you hate me, you hate the 'D', nigga please
I'm takin shit back to the riots in the sixties
Think I'm lyin, visit me, where you at?
[Eminem]
Rock City, (rock, come on)
Come on and rock with me
Rock City, (rock, come on)
Come on and rock with me
Rock City, (rock, come on)
Come on and rock with me
Rock with me, (rock)
Come on and rock with me
Rock City
Come on the block with me
Rock City
And come and rock with me
Rock City, Come on
Rock, (on) City... COME ON!
da da da da da
[Royce Da 5'9]
Suburban and city niggas hussle together
Long as there's money involved, niggas'll tussle together
Long as the hussle's, a hussle, the green is green
White is white, nigga we buying if the price is right
So, drop the mic's, everything's on cock
from the shots to the dice, we have notin' to hide
You cant say we cant work,
[Eminem]
What
[Royce Da 5'9]
Either we some plant workers, or we some niggas the plant worked, what!
Detroit bitches, is bout it
You can just ask any one of your niggas that visit about it
Any seven mile bitch, know how'ta get rich
She'll fuck you till you sleep, plus lie to your bitch
Plus she'll suck the swallow up outta your dick
And she keep a sugar daddy that'll buy her some shit (come on)
[Eminem]
Rock City, (rock, come on)
Come on and rock with me
Rock City, (rock, come on)
Come on and rock with me
Rock City, (rock, come on)
Come on and rock with me
Rock with me, (rock)
Come on and rock with me
Rock City
Come on the block with me
Rock City
And come and rock with me
Rock City, Come on
Rock, (on) City... COME ON!
da da da da da
The city with the bars,
with the most women cars are produced,
here we are, we've been...
[Royce Da 5'9]
In the casinos, card shuffle's, number's to bet
Disrespect, and get a new smile under you neck
A city full of thug ass niggas and punk rockers
A lot of niggas act like Pac, so cops watch 'em
The shop blocks up, in the black or the light Timb's
White boys look, act and rap like Slim
[Eminem]
(Hi!)
[Royce Da 5'9]
Fight music, night fuses, never respect it,
Guns talk, high schools with metal detectors
A city full of Tommy Hearst thumpers
Grant Hill hoopers, Barry Sanders runners, stunners
Chaldeans with weed, connects like whoa!
hyper weed, no need to test like 'dro!
hyper cats you got dough, they like so
real then you might go (where?)
[Eminem]
Rock City, (rock, come on)
Come on and rock with me
Rock City, (rock, come on)
Come on and rock with me
Rock City, (rock, come on)
Come on and rock with me
Rock with me, (rock)
Come on and rock with me
Rock City
Come on the block with me
Rock City
And come and rock with me
Rock City, (rock, come on)
Come on and rock with me
Rock City, (rock, come on)
Come on and rock with me
Rock City, (rock, come on)
Come on and rock with me
Rock with me, (rock)
Come on and rock with me
Rock City
Come on the block with me
Rock City
And come and rock with me
[Royce Da 5'9]
Detroit Rock City
[Eminem]
Slim Shady
[Royce Da 5'9]
Won't you come on the block with us?
[Eminem]
Royce The 5'9
[Royce Da 5'9]
Royce is on the block with us
[Eminem]
Royce The 5'9
[Royce Da 5'9]
Next Level
[Eminem]
Rock City
[Royce Da 5'9]
Royce nickel nine, ugh
[Eminem]
Rock
[Royce Da 5'9]
Slim Shady, ugh ugh
[Eminem]
Rock City
[Royce Da 5'9]
Won't you come and rock with us?
[Eminem]
Rock City
[Royce Da 5'9]
Won't you come on the block with us?
[Eminem]
Rock with me
[Royce Da 5'9]
Won't you come and rock with us?
[Eminem]
Rock with, with, with..
[Royce Da 5'9]
Rock City
Don't touch it
[Eminem]
Fuck...

_____
Alright its my turn let me show you how I do shit
Its nothin like you guys cause I recite poetry that knowone likes
This is the night for all of us to flow to everyone and not for fun
come on now Im on its real and Ima tell you how I feel
Everyone of you punk mothafuckas see us as fake
thats a big mistake cause when your fuckin with us we cant be stopped
were on top poppin off right now whilin out
fucking with us you will be dealt with your head cut off
me and my crew arent soft you will be pissed and I also promise
to leave you dismissed along with gettin your ass kicked
were from the ROCK and where Im from you cant be seen
All of you are the downfall and you dont have the balls to come at us
Im NOTORIOUS like BIGGY and I love when fake niggas test me
I came in this game with my pockets empty and left with a roll of 20's
Theres a first time for every rhyme and every line this is mine
My 1 YEAR bid in the bin it made me a man
Doing this shit crazy while half of you amaze me
If this is nonsense to you its because you aint been through
You obviously aint been threw shit
Age 16  started hating everyone and everything cause I relized that
shit doesnt always go my way unless I got money that earns say
While the consequences every year come with fear
Cause around here you never know when death is near
This shit is really how I feel doubt me and it makes me stronger
I ts an adrenaline rush when I touch the dutch along with the mic
Around here I am well liked so fuck all of you that think Im shit
cause if there really is a real nigga Im it
I aint gonna stop till I know me and my crew are on top
of the charts and ahead of our rap game
Maintain by gettin our words of stress
Str8ght to all of your heads so you know we dont play
I pray everyday to be like me cause I know Im ready
to do this shit that I was not taught to do
My mind is my eyes that lye me to be blind
hoping to find my lyrics to make all of you fear this.

_____
OK, I'm going to attempt to drown myself
You can try this at home
You can be just like me!
Mic check one two.. we recordin?
I'm cancerous, so when I diss you wouldn't wanna answer this
If you responded back with a battle rap you wrote for Canibus
I strangled you to death then I choked you again
Then break your fuckin legs till your bones poke through your skin
You beef wit me, I'ma even the score equally
Take you on Jerry Springer, and beat yer ass legally
I get you blunted off of funny home grown
Cause when I smoke out I hit the trees harder than Sonny Bono
(Ohh no!!)  So if I said I never did drugs
That would mean I lie AND get fucked more than the President does
Hillary Clinton tried to slap me and call me a pervert
I ripped her fuckin tonsils out and fed her sherbet (Bitch!)
My nerves hurt, and lately I'm on edge
Grabbed Vanilla Ice and ripped out his blonde dreads (Fuck you!)
Every girl I ever went out wit is goin lez
Follow me and do exactly what the song says:
smoke weed, take pills, drop outta school, kill people and drink
And jump behind the wheel like it was still legal
I'm dumb enough to walk in a store and steal
So I'm dumb enough to ask for a date with Lauryn Hill
Some people only see that I'm white, ignorin skill
Cause I stand out like a green hat with a orange bill
But I don't get pissed, y'all don't even see through the mist
How the fuck can I be white, I don't even exist
I get a clean shave, bathe, go to a rave
Die from an overdose and dig myself up out of my grave
My middle finger won't go down, how do I wave?
And this is how I'm supposed to teach kids how to behave?
Now follow me and do exactly what you see
Don't you wanna grow up to be just like me!
I slap women and eat shrooms then O.D.
Now don't you wanna grow up to be just like me!
Me and Marcus Allen went over to see Nicole
When we heard a knock at the door, must have been Ron Gold'
Jumped behind the door, put the orgy on hold
Killed em both and smeared blood in a white Bronco (we did it!)
My mind won't work if my spine don't jerk
I slapped Garth Brooks out of his Rhinestone shirt
I'm not a player just a ill rhyme sayer
That'll spray an Aerosol can up at the ozone layer (psssssssh)
My rap style's warped, I'm runnin out the morgue
witcha dead grandmother's corpse to throw it on your porch
Jumped in a Chickenhawk cartoon wit a cape on
And beat up Foghorn Leghorn with an acorn
I'm bout as normal as Norman Bates, with deformative traits
A premature birth that was four minutes late
Mother.. are you there?  I love you
I never meant to hit you over the head with that shovel
Will someone explain to my brain that I just severed
a main vein with a chainsaw and I'm in pain?
I take a breather and sighed; either I'm high, or I'm nuts
Cause if you ain't tiltin this room, neither am I
So when you see your mom with a thermometer shoved in her ass
Then it probably is obvious I got it on with her
Cause when I drop this solo shit it's over with
I bought Cage's tape, opened it, and dubbed over it
I came to the club drunk with a fake ID
Don't you wanna grow up to be just like me!
I've been with 10 women who got HIV
Now don't you wanna grow up to be just like me!
I got genital warts and it burns when I pee
Don't you wanna grow up to be just like me!
I tie a rope around my penis and jump from a tree
You probably wanna grow up to be just like me!!!

_____
Somedays I just wanna up and call it quits
I feel like I'm surrounded by a wall of bricks
Everytime I go to get up I just fall in pits
My life's like one great big ball of shit!
If I could just, put it all into all I spit
Instead of always tryin swallow it
Instead of starin' at this wall and shit
While I sit writer's block, sick of all this shit
Can't, Call it Shit!
All I know is I'm about to hit the wall
If I have to see another one of Mom's alcoholic fits
This is it last straw
That's all, That's it
I ain't dealin' with another fuckin' politic
I'm like a skillet bubblin', until it filters up
I'm about to kill it, I can fill it buildin' up
Blow this building up, I'm concealed enough
My cup runneth over I done filled it up
Then it explodes and bust, ink spills my guts
You think all I do is stand here and feel my nuts
Well.. Imma show you what, You gon' feel my rush
If you don't feel it, then it must be too real to touch
Peel the dutch, Im about to tear shit up
Goosebumps, Yea Imma make your hair sit up, Yea sit up
Imma tell you who I be, Imma make you hate me, Cuz you ain't me
You wait, it ain't too late to finally see
What you close-minded Fucks were to Blind to see
Whoever finds me is gonna get a finders fee,
Out this world, there ain't no one out they mind as me
You need piece of mind? Here's a piece of mine
All I need's a line, Sometimes I don't always find the words to rhyme
To express how I'm really feeling at that time, Yes
Sometimes, Sometimes, Sometimes
Its just sometimes is always me
How dark can these hallways be
The clock strikes midnight
1, 2, then half past 3
This half-ass rhyme, with this half-ass piece of paper
I'm desperate in my task
If I could just get the rest of this shit off my chest, Again
Stuck in this slump, Can't think of nothing
Fuck, I'm stumped, Oh Wait Here comes something, No!
Its not good enough, scribble it out
New pad, crinkle it up, and throw the shit out
I'm fizzling out, thought I figured it out
Balls in my court but I'm scared to dribble it out
I'm afraid, but why am I afraid? Why am I a slave
To this Trade? Sign not to spit to the grave
Real enough to rile you up, Want me to flip it? I can rip it
any style you want. Im a switch hitter bitch Jimmy Smith aint a quitter
Imma sitter till I get enough finally hit a fuckin ' boiling point
Put some oil in your joints, Flip the coin, Bitch come get destroyed
And MC's worst dream, I make them tensed, they hate me
See me and Shape like a Chain link Fence
By the looks of em you would swear that Jaws was coming
By the screams of them you would swear Im sawin' someone
By the way they runnin', you could swear the law was comin'
Its now or never, And tonight is all or nothing
Momma, Jimmy keeps leaving on us, He said he'd be back
He pinky promised, I don't think he's honest
I'll be back baby, I just gotta beat this clock
Fuck this clock! Imma make them Eat this watch
Don't believe me watch! Imma win this race
And Imma come back and rub my shit in your face, Bitch!
I found my niche, You gonna fear my voice
Till your SICK of it you ain't gonna have a choice
If I gotta scream till I have half a lung
If I have half a chance, I'll grab it, Rabbit Run!

_____
Some days I just wanna up and call it quits,
I feel like I'm surrounded by a wall of bricks,
Every time I go to get up I just fall in piss,
My life's like one great big ball of shit,
If I could just put it all in to all my spit,
Instead of always tryin to swallow it,
Instead of staring at this wall and shit,
While I sit writer's block sick of all this shit,
Can't call it shit, all I know is I'm about to hit the wall,
If I haft to see another one of mom's alcoholic fits,
This is it, last straw, that's all, that's it,
I aint dealing with another fucking politic,
I'm like a skillet bubblin until it filters up,
I'm about to kill it, I can feel it building up,
Blow this building up, I've concealed enough,
My cup run'ith over I've done and filled it up,
The pen explodes and busts, ink spill's my guts,
You think all I do is stand here and feel my nuts,
But I'm a show you, what, you gon' feel my rush,
You don't feel it then it must be too real to touch,
Feel to dutch,about to tear shit up,
Goosebumps, yeah I'm a make your hair sit up,
Yeah sit up, I'm a tell you who I be,
I'm a make you hate me cause you aint me,
You aint, it aint to late to finally see,
What you close minded fucks were too blind to see,
Whoever finds me, is gonna get a finders fee,
Out this world, aint no one out their mind as me,
You need peace of mind, well here's a piece of mind
All I need's a line but sometimes,
I don't always find the words to rhyme,
To express how I'm really feeling at that time,
Yeah sometimes, sometimes, sometimes, just sometimes,
It's always me, how dark can these hallways be,
The clock strikes midnight, 1, 2, then half past 3,
This half ass rhyme with this half ass piece of paper, (Tear)
I'm desperate at my desk if I could just get the rest,
Of this shit off my chest, again, stuck in this slum,
Can't think of nothing, fuck I'm stumped,
But wait here comes something,
Nope, it's not good enough, scribble it out, new pad,
Crinkle it up and throw that shit out,
I'm fizzling now thought I had figured it out,
Ball's in my court but I'm scared to dribble it out,
I'm afraid, but why am I afraid, why am I a slave to this trade,
Sign that I'll spit to the grave, real enough to rall you up,
What me to flip it I can rip it any style you want,
I'm a switch hitter, bitch, Jimmy Smith aint a quitter,
I'm a sit here till I get enough,
For me to finally hit a fucking boiling point,
Put some oil in your joints,
Flip the coin bitch come get destroyed,
An MC's worst dream I make them tense, they hate me,
See me and shake like a chain link fence,
By the looks of 'em you would swear that jaws was coming,
By the screams of 'em you would swear I'm sawing someone,
By the way they running you would swear the law was coming,
It's now or never and tonight is all or nothing,
Momma, Jimmy keep leaving on us, he said he'd be back,
He pinky promised, I don't think he's honest,
I be back baby I just got to beat this clock,
Fuck this clock, I'm a make them eat this watch,
Don't believe me watch, I'm a win this race,
And I'm a come back and rub my shit in your face,
Bitch, I found my niche, you gonna hear my voice,
Till you sick of it you aint gonna have a choice,
If I gotta scream till I have half a lung,
If I have half a chance I'll grab it, rabbit run...

_____
[Pace Won]
Bust your lip, rush ya clique, what?
Outz in the area tearing things up
Crush your chick, touch your trick, what?
Outz in the area tearing things up (Sing it with me!)
Bust your lip, rush ya clique, what?
Outz in the area tearing things up
Crush your chick, touch your trick, what?
Outz in the area tearing things up
[Az-Izz]
Yo, I'm finally convinced my kindness and innocence
Is a crime in a sense, climbing a fence
Diagonally bent, dying in agony in a magically event
Outz in a fear of family presents
Capped in clak smoke, pack toast in a black coat
To roast motherfuckers, over lactose 
Stay skeed off laced weed
I take cheese, and page trees in the Bricks
Rolling box of Tracies
[Pace Won]
Call a go-go dancer
Get up in that ass and wreck shop like colon cancer
Hit it from the back, bitch can't hold her pants up
Once for my cock, twice for my block, 
I got it locked like handcuffs
Pacer got a razor, get you and your man cut
Swing a blow you can't duck
Throw up your hands, what?
Nobody on earth could see Pacer
I get your shit then peel off like Speed Racer
[Pace Won]
Bust your lip, rush ya clique, what?
Outz in the area tearing things up
Crush your chick, touch your trick, what?
Outz in the area tearing things up (Sing it with me!)
Bust your lip, rush ya clique, what?
Outz in the area tearing things up
Crush your chick, touch your trick, what?
Outz in the area tearing things up
[Slang Ton]
I hit you bastards raps fast as Janet Jackson's coochie
Your raps is half mastered, mad average, wack bologna
And if you ever wanna get a deal
You should either OD off skill pills
Or steal my reel-to-reel
Most of y'all emcees ain't tight as y'all should be when
I'm tighter than the jeans that show hoochie chicks' coochie prints
Outsidaz, we hot as Hell's flames is
And I'm Slang-iz, my tapes get pumped like twelve gauges
[Eminem]
I'm so weeded (How weeded are you?)
I'm so weeded I can freestyle for sixteen bars (Ha ha ha)
Right off the top, then go back to the top
And then repeat it (Ha)
Write it down on the paper 
And still be able to read it (Sorry)
I can't read, but I still write to my pen pals (Uh, uh, dear)
I can't fly, but I still float on cement clouds (Whee!)
I can't see cause my eyes already been gouged out
I been down with the Outz for ten thou-sand years 
([Pace Won] So dunn, here?)
Some weird kids with piercings in more than one ear
Lauryn, huh? Hill? 
([Pace won] There's more than one? IIIllll)
What? You want me to stop? Here?
[Pace Won]
Bust your lip, rush ya clique, what?
Outz in the area tearing things up
Crush your chick, touch your trick, what?
Outz in the area tearing things up (Sing it with me!)
Bust your lip, rush ya clique, what?
Outz in the area tearing things up
Crush your chick, touch your trick, what?
Outz in the area tearing things up
[Young Zee]
Yea
Your girl could suck my dick chewing Big Red
Till she choke and scrape her wisdom tooth on my dick head
Puff a tray bag, Outz never pay cabs
Bust a A-rab, front on taking us up eighth Ave 
Yea, we all of the a volumes
What be the outcome? 
We selling twenty million albums
Ay your record, ain't nobody buy that
You fell off, and had to take your five mic 
And push a Withe Ac, with a bike rack
[Axe]
It's the A, the X, the E
Why pay for ass, if I can sex for free?
F' with we, what you expect to see
Death's your destiny, when it's my time for rest in peace
Bet they find my pistol next to me
My dick is giving ecstasy 
Shit I say, spread like leprosy
I'm on a quest to be, the best emcee
Living recklessly, cock the weaponry
Lay you on your back like Lei Wulong from Tekken 3
Yo follow, never question me
[Pace Won]
Bust your lip, rush ya clique, what?
Outz in the area tearing things up
Crush your chick, touch your trick, what?
Outz in the area tearing things up (Sing it with me!)
Bust your lip, rush ya clique, what?
Outz in the area tearing things up
Crush your chick, touch your trick, what?
Outz in the area tearing things up
[Pace Won]
C'mon yo
Bust your lip, rush ya clique, what?
Crush your chick, touch your trick, what?
Snuff your bitch, crush your whip, what?
Outz in the area tearing things up
Outworld baby

_____
{Pace Won}
Bust your lip, rush ya clique, what?
Outz in the area tearing things up
Crush your chick, touch your trick, what?
Outz in the area tearing things up (Sing it with me!)
Bust your lip, rush ya clique, what?
Outz in the area tearing things up
Crush your chick, touch your trick, what?
Outz in the area tearing things up
{Az-Izz}
Yo, I'm finally convinced my kindness and innocence
Is a crime in a sense, climbing a fence
Diagonally bent, dying in agony in a magically event
Outz in a fear of family presents
Capped in clak smoke, pack toast in a black coat
To roast motherfuckers, over lactose
Stay skeed off laced weed
I take cheese, and page trees in the Bricks
Rolling box of Tracies
{Pace Won}
Call a go-go dancer
Get up in that ass and wreck shop like colon cancer
Hit it from the back, bitch can't hold her pants up
Once for my cock, twice for my block,
I got it locked like handcuffs
Pacer got a razor, get you and your man cut
Swing a blow you can't duck
Throw up your hands, what?
Nobody on earth could see Pacer
I get your shit then peel off like Speed Racer
{Pace Won}
Bust your lip, rush ya clique, what?
Outz in the area tearing things up
Crush your chick, touch your trick, what?
Outz in the area tearing things up (Sing it with me!)
Bust your lip, rush ya clique, what?
Outz in the area tearing things up
Crush your chick, touch your trick, what?
Outz in the area tearing things up
{Slang Ton}
I hit you bastards raps fast as Janet Jackson's coochie
Your raps is half mastered, mad average, wack bologna
And if you ever wanna get a deal
You should either OD off skill pills
Or steal my reel-to-reel
Most of y'all emcees ain't tight as y'all should be when
I'm tighter than the jeans that show hoochie chicks' coochie prints
Outsidaz, we hot as Hell's flames is
And I'm Slang-iz, my tapes get pumped like twelve gauges
{Eminem}
I'm so weeded (How weeded are you?)
I'm so weeded I can freestyle for sixteen bars (Ha ha ha)
Right off the top, then go back to the top
And then repeat it (Ha)
Write it down on the paper
And still be able to read it (Sorry)
I can't read, but I still write to my pen pals (Uh, uh, dear)
I can't fly, but I still float on cement clouds (Whee!)
I can't see cause my eyes already been gouged out
I been down with the Outz for ten thou-sand years
({Pace Won} So dunn, here?)
Some weird kids with piercings in more than one ear
Lauryn, huh? Hill?
({Pace won} There's more than one? IIIllll)
What? You want me to stop? Here?
{Pace Won}
Bust your lip, rush ya clique, what?
Outz in the area tearing things up
Crush your chick, touch your trick, what?
Outz in the area tearing things up (Sing it with me!)
Bust your lip, rush ya clique, what?
Outz in the area tearing things up
Crush your chick, touch your trick, what?
Outz in the area tearing things up
{Young Zee}
Yea
Your girl could suck my dick chewing Big Red
Till she choke and scrape her wisdom tooth on my dick head
Puff a tray bag, Outz never pay cabs
Bust a A-rab, front on taking us up eighth Ave
Yea, we all of the a volumes
What be the outcome?
We selling twenty million albums
Ay your record, ain't nobody buy that
You fell off, and had to take your five mic
And push a Withe Ac, with a bike rack
{Axe}
It's the A, the X, the E
Why pay for ass, if I can sex for free?
F' with we, what you expect to see
Death's your destiny, when it's my time for rest in peace
Bet they find my pistol next to me
My dick is giving ecstasy
Shit I say, spread like leprosy
I'm on a quest to be, the best emcee
Living recklessly, cock the weaponry
Lay you on your back like Lei Wulong from Tekken 3
Yo follow, never question me
{Pace Won}
Bust your lip, rush ya clique, what?
Outz in the area tearing things up
Crush your chick, touch your trick, what?
Outz in the area tearing things up (Sing it with me!)
Bust your lip, rush ya clique, what?
Outz in the area tearing things up
Crush your chick, touch your trick, what?
Outz in the area tearing things up
{Pace Won}
C'mon yo
Bust your lip, rush ya clique, what?
Crush your chick, touch your trick, what?
Snuff your bitch, crush your whip, what?
Outz in the area tearing things up
Outworld baby

_____
May I have your attention please,
May I have your attention please,
Will the real Slim Santa please stand up.
I repeat will the real Slim Santa please stand up.
We're gonna have a problem here.
You all act like you've never seen Santa before,
Toys all over your floor, who the hell ya think brought them?
It wasn't your drunk dad or your mother that whore,
It was me and now I'm skinny and I'll tell you the score.
Its the return of Christmas but not the jolly fat elf,
my ass got so big I couldn't wipe it myself.
My doctor said, "Santa you've never looked worse, lose 200 pounds
or your heart's gonna burst."
Everybody loved me big and fat
ho-ho-ho,
Big ass Santa look at him walking around,
his belly like jelly, have some more eggnog.
They didn't give a fuck if my arteries clogged,
So I said fuck them and I joined a gym.
Started eatting low-fat cookies and drinking milk that was skim.
I lost so much weight I can see my candy cane,
and Mrs. Clause is happy I can fuck her again.
(Your name is on my list) x2,
and if your nice, not naughty I might give you a little gift.
But here's a message for you if your a big fat slob,
If your gut is in the way your girl won't bobble your knob.
You can't expect a hoe to gobble your goo,
if you just sit there eatting twinkies,
watching Scooby Doo.
If you ain't nothing but chubby,
no girl wants a fat hubby, you'll end
up working construction.
Your love life lies in ruins and destruction,
by the time your 30 you'll be asking Santa for liposuction.
But if your thin you'll get seduction,
underneath the mistletoe.
Sing the chorus and it goes!
I'm Slim Santa, yes I'm the real Kringle.
All you fly girls like my balls cause they jiggle,
so won't the Real Slim Santa please stand up,
please stand up, please stand up.
Cause I'm Slim Santa, yes I'm the Saint Nick.
All you other fat Santa's can suck my fat dick,
so won't the Real Slim Santa please stand up,
please stand up, please stand up.
Ho-Ho-Ho I guess theres a Slim Santa in all of us.
On Donner on Blitzen lets get the fuck out of here!
WEESSSTTTSIDEEEEE (echoed)

_____
[Chorus]
Sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
{Hollywood}, sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
{Why do I feel this way}, sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
[Verse 1]
I thought I had it all figured out, I did
I thought I was tough enough to stick it out with Kim
But I wasn't tough enough to juggle two things at once
I found myself layin' on my knees in cuffs
Which should've been a reason enough, for me to get my stuff and just leave
How come I couldn't see this shit myself, it's just me
Nobody couldn't see the shit I felt
Knowin' damn well she wasn't gonna be there when I fell, to catch me
The minute shit was heated she just bailed
i'm standin' here swingin' on like thirty people by myself
I couldn't even see the millimetere when it fell
Turned around saw Gary stashin' the heater in his belt
Saw the bouncers rush him and beat him to the ground
I just sold two million records, I don't need to go to jail
I'm not about to lose my freedom over no female
I need to slow down
Try to get my feet on solid ground, so for now i'm...
[CHORUS]
[Verse 2]
Bury my face in comic books, cause I don't want to look
At nothin', this world's too much
I've swallowed all I could
If I could swallow a bottle of tylenol I would, and end it for good
Just say goodbye to Hollywood
I probably should, these problems are piling all at once
Cause everything that bothers me, I got it bottled up
I think i'm bottomin' out
But i'm not about to give up, I gotta get up
Thank God, I got a little girl
And I'm a responsible father
So not a lot of good, i'd be to my daughter layin' in the bottom of the mud
Must be in my blood cause I don't know how I do it
All I know is I don't want to follow in the footsteps of my dad
Cause I hate him so bad
The worst fear that I had was growin' up to be like his fuckin' ass, man
If you could understand why I am the way that I am
What do I say to my fans, when I tell 'em i'm...
[CHORUS]
[Verse 3]
I don't wanna quit, but shit, I feel like this is it
For me to have this much appeal like this is sick
This is not a game, this fame, in real life this is sick
Publicity stunt my ass, conceal my fuckin' dick
Fuck the guns, i'm done, i'll never look at gats
If I scrap, i'll scrap like I ain't never whooped some ass
I love my fans
But no one ever puts a grasp on the fact i've sacrificed everything I have
I never dreamt i'd get to the level that i'm at, this is whack
This is more than I ever could of asked
everywhere I go, a hat, a sweater hood, or mask
What about math, how come I wasn't ever good at that
It's like the boy in the bubble, who never could adapt, i'm trapped
If I could go back, I never woulda rapped
I sold my soul to the devil, i'll never get it back
I just wanna leave this game with level head intact
Imagine goin' from bein' a no one to seein',
everything blow up and all you did was just grow
up emceeing
It's fuckin' crazy
Cause all I wanted was to give Hailie the life I never had
But instead I forced us to live alienated, so i'm sayin'...
[CHORUS]
[Outro]
Goodbye, goodbye Hollywood, {Goodbye},
please don't cry for me, when i'm gone for good, {this shit is not for me},
so goodbye, goodbye Hollywood,
{i'm not a fuckin' star}, please don't cry
for me, when I'm gone for good, {i'm goin' back home}...

_____
(feat. Dr. Dre & Timberland)
[Dr. Dre]
Huh, so I'm out the game huh
[Eminem]
Yo Dre, we ridin
[Dr. Dre]
Whatever
[Eminem]
Well I'm witchu homie
[Dr. Dre]
Ok, Let's handle this small shit
[Eminem]
I was born to brew up storms 'n stir up shit
Kick up dust, cuss til I slur up spit
Grew up too quickly been through too much shit
Corrupt and now they pour it on like syrup, bitch
Thick in gritz, sick and twisted Mr. Buttersworth
Dre tole me to milk this shit for what it's worth
Till the cow just tilts and tips 'n stumbles to earth
And if I fumble the verse, keep going
First take, I make mistakes, just keep it
No punches, pull no punches, that's weak shit
Fake shit if I ever take shit, I eat shit
Was it for him Wouldn't be shit
[Dr. Dre]
Creep wit me, as we take a little trip down Memory Lane
Been in longer than anyone in the game
And I ain't got to lie about my age
[Eminem]
But what about Jermaine
[Dr. Dre]
Fuck Jermaine, he don't belong speakin mine or Timbaland's name
And don't think I don't read your little interviews and see what your sayin
I'ma giant, and I ain't gotta move till I'm revoked
When I see you, I'ma step on you and not even know it
Ya midget, Mini-Me, with a buncha little Mini-You's
Runnin around your backyard swimming pools
Over 80 million records sold
And I ain't had to do it with 10 or 11 year olds
[Chorus:]
Cuz what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you sayin it
Just remember how you said it when you was sprayin it
So who you playin with huh huh huh huh
Cuz what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you sayin it
Just remember how you said it when you was sprayin it
So who you playin with huh huh huh huh
[Eminem]
Second verse, it gets worst
It gets no better than this
Amatuers drink veteran piss
From a Dixie cup, if you ever mix me up
Or confuse me with a Canibus or Dre with a Dupri
Will rub it in, every club your in, we'll have you
Blackballed and make sure you never rap a fucken again
Dre ain't havin it as long as Im here, play Devil's Advocate
[Dr. Dre]
If there was some magic shit I could wave
Over the indusrty that could save it when I'm gone
And bury to make sure the tradition carries on
I would
[Eminem]
If I could only use this power for good
I wouldn't, not even if I could
[Dr. Dre]
From the hood and I'm a hornet
And I'ma only sting when I'm cornered
[Eminem]
And I'ma only sucker punch or swing without warnin
And swing to knock somebody's fuckin head off
Cuz I know, when they get up, I won't get a chance to let off
Another punch, I'm punk-rock, no one's punk
Don't give a fuck, white pop, so much spunk
When I was little I knew I would blow up
And sell a mil or grow up to be a tiller
Go nuts and be a killer
[Dr. Dre]
And I'm somethin of a phenom
One puff of the chron
I'm unstoppable, I'm alive, I'm on top again
There's no obstacle that I can't conquer
So come along with us (Come On)
[Chorus:]
Cuz what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you sayin it
Just remember how you said it when you was sprayin it
So who you playin with huh huh huh huh
Cuz what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you sayin it
Just remember how you said it when you was sprayin it
So who you playin with huh huh huh huh
[Dr. Dre]
Now anybody who knows Dre
Knows I'm about fast cars and alize, partyin all day
But I handle my business cuz it's work before play
Don't look for trouble but I serve you gourmet
However you want it, you could have it your way
You fuck my night up, I'ma fuck up your day
Bullet with your name, sendin it your way
That goes for anyone who walks thru that doorway
Cuz this is my space, you invade it
Live to regret it and you die tryin to violate it
Fuck around and you'll get anahilated
Eyes diliated
[Eminem]
Ha, like my old lady
Cuz what you say is what you say
Sometimes what you mean is 2 different things
Depending on your mood, if it swings, think too many things
Little hit of Dre's weed, I can do anything
Catch a contact, then I'm gone and I'm back
I speed write and my loose leaves my lanch pad
[Dr. Dre]
And I can pull any string
Don't have to prove anything
Catch a contract on your head
You headed West, talk shit about Dre
You better get a vest, then invest in something
To protect your head and neck
[Eminem]
And it's back and forth all day like Red and Meth
I joke when I say I'm the best in the booth
But a lot of truth is said injest
And if I ever do live to be a legend
I'ma die a sudden death, 5 mics in The Source
Ain't holdin' my fuckin breath
But I suffocate for the respect
Fore I breath the collect the fuckin check
[Chorus:]
Cuz what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you sayin it
Just remember how you said it when you was sprayin it
So who you playin with huh huh huh huh
Cuz what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you sayin it
Just remember how you said it when you was sprayin it
So who you playin with huh huh huh huh
[Dr. Dre]
Watch your fuckin' mouth
[Timbaland]
Yo this Timbaland, tell him I said suck [tchka] my dick

_____
[Dr. Dre]
Huh, so I'm out the game huh?
[Eminem]
Yo Dre, we ridin?
[Dr. Dre]
Whatever
[Eminem]
Well I'm witchu homie
[Dr. Dre]
Ok, Let's handle this small shit
[Eminem]
I was born to brew up storms 'n stir up shit
Kick up dust, cuss til I slur up spit
Grew up too quick, won't through too much, through too much shit
Corrupt and I'm pour it on like syrup, bitch
Thick in gritz, sick and twisted Mr. Buttersworth
Dre tole me to milk this shit for what it's worth
Till the cow just tilts and tips 'n stumbles to earth
And if I fumble the verse, keep going
First take, I make mistakes, just keep it
No punches, pull no punches, that's weak shit
Fake shit if I ever take shit, I eat shit
Wasn't for him? I wouldn't be shit
[Dr. Dre]
Creep wit me, as we take a little trip down Memory Lane
Been here longer than anyone in the game
And I ain't got to lie about my age
[Eminem]
But what about Jermaine?
[Dr. Dre]
Fuck Jermaine, he don't belong speakin mine or Timbaland's name
And don't think I don't read your little interviews and see what your sayin
I'ma giant, and I ain't gotta move till I'm provoked
When I see you, I'ma step on you and not even know it
Ya midget, Mini-Me, with a buncha little Mini-You's
Runnin around your backyard swimming pools
Over 80 million records sold
And I ain't had to do it with 10 or 11 year olds
[Chorus:]
Cuz what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you sayin it
Just remember how you said it when you was sprayin it
So who you playin with huh huh huh huh?
Cuz what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you sayin it
Just remember how you said it when you was sprayin it
So who you playin with huh huh huh huh?
[Eminem]
Second verse, it gets worst
It gets no better than this
Amatuers drink veteran piss
From a Dixie cup, if you ever mix me up
Or confuse me with a Canibus or Dre with a Dupri
Will rub it in, every club your in, we'll have you
Blackballed and make sure you never rap a fucken again
Dre ain't havin it as long as Im here, play Devil's Advocate
[Dr. Dre]
If there was some magic shit I could wave
Over the indusrty that could save it when I'm gone
And bury to make sure the tradition carries on
I would
[Eminem]
If I could only use this power for good
I wouldn't, not even if I could
[Dr. Dre]
From the hood and I'm a hornet
And I'ma only sting when I'm cornered
[Eminem]
And I'ma only sucker punch or swing without warnin
And swing to knock somebody's fuckin head off
Cuz I know, when they get up, I won't get a chance to let off
Another punch, I'm punk-rock, no one's punk
Don't give a fuck, white Pac, so much spunk
When I was little I knew I would blow up
And sell a mil or grow up to be a tiller
Go nuts and be a killer
[Dr. Dre]
And I'm somethin of a phenom
One puff of the chron
I'm unstoppable, I'm alive, I'm on top again
There's no obstacle that I can't conquer
So come along with us (Come On)
[Chorus:]
Cuz what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you sayin it
Just remember how you said it when you was sprayin it
So who you playin with huh huh huh huh?
Cuz what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you sayin it
Just remember how you said it when you was sprayin it
So who you playin with huh huh huh huh?
[Dr. Dre]
Now anybody who knows Dre
Knows I'm about fast cars and alize, partyin all day
But I handle my business cuz it's work before play
Don't look for trouble but I serve you gourmet
However you want it, you could have it your way
You fuck my night up, I'ma fuck up your day
Bullet with your name, sendin it your way
That goes for anyone who walks thru that doorway
Cuz this is my space, you invade it
Live to regret it and you die tryin to violate it
Fuck around and you'll get anahilated
Eyes diliated
[Eminem]
Ha, like my old lady
Cuz what you say is what you say
Sometimes what you mean is 2 different things
Depending on your mood, if it swings, think too many things
Little hit of Dre's weed, I can do anything
Catch a contact, then I'm gone and I'm back
I speed write and my loose leaves my lanch pad
[Dr. Dre]
And I can pull any string
Don't have to prove anything
Catch a contract on your head
You headed West, talk shit about Dre?
You better get a vest, then invest in something
To protect your head and neck
[Eminem]
And it's back and forth all day like Red and Meth
I joke when I say I'm the best in the booth
But a lot of truth is said injest
And if I ever do live to be a legend
I'ma die a sudden death, 5 mics in The Source
Ain't holdin' my fuckin breath
But I suffocate for the respect
Fore I breath the collect the fuckin check
[Chorus:]
Cuz what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you sayin it
Just remember how you said it when you was sprayin it
So who you playin with huh huh huh huh?
Cuz what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you sayin it
Just remember how you said it when you was sprayin it
So who you playin with huh huh huh huh?
[Dr. Dre]
Watch your fuckin' mouth
[Timbaland]
Yo this Timbaland, tell him I said suck [tchka] my dick

_____
[Em] Yo, Slim Shady!
[R5] Yo, Royce 5-9
[Em] Y'all wanna make a movie?
[R5] What..
[Em] We got the film right here
[Royce]
What?
Yeah I'm one of them pretty rappers
Buck if I really hafta, I really slap ya
King of Detroit who they namin the city after (what?)
Scandalous partners, whose grammar hammers the hard shit
Into your heart with, content, yo who wanna start with
Experts, Bad and Evil is comin soon
MC's get stuck, head first back in they mother's womb
This shit is written, in my eyes I'm the illest MC spittin (what?)
Leavin all of you cats shittin kittens
I gotta diss you, my niggaz be cockin pistols
Shot and split you, fuck splittin the profits with you (what?)
Six percent, of y'all niggaz is just pretend
Clicks with clits, pussy niggaz stink with dicks (what?)
Niggaz act bully, and blast for the fast penny
My auto is fully, plenty of niggaz packin semi
Speak darts; yo you get paid? Rhymin about it is the sweet part
You can't be street smart with a cheap heart
Five Nine, a street nigga with deep feelin (what?)
I keep illin, my steez willin to keep killin (what?)
Fuck rap, a lot of y'all all is just acts
Trust that - you rhyme all wack on rough tracks
Bust and then we all black when you get bust back at
Fuck that, you get blast at, you get laughed at
And I'ma spit thunder (what?) stick to my guns
Niggaz is finished before they gimmicks, one-hit wonders
What? Big balls, that's why when I spit, your clique stalls
I'ma pit bull, I'm just dog, I'm just raw (what?)
Split y'all, holla,  It's on!  Then I diss y'all
All of y'all niggaz get pissed on claimin you pissed off
[Eminem and Royce]
Y'all want drama? Wanna make a scary movie?
Rappers comin in with they team and carry toolies
You can jump right out of the screen and barely move me
We hard-hittin, directin and starrin in it
Y'all want drama? Wanna make a scary movie?
Rappers comin in with they team and carry toolies
You can jump right out of the screen and barely move me
We hard-hittin, directin and starrin in it
[Eminem]
The one man on the planet that'll drive off of the Grand Canyon
Hop out of a Grand Am and land in it handstandin
Any man plannin to battle will get snatched out of his clothes
So fast it'll look like an invisible man standin
I'm headed for Hell, I'd rather be dead or in jail
Bill Clinton, hit this, and you better inhale
Cause any MC that chooses to go against me
Is gettin takin advantage of like Monica Lewinksy (Leave me alone!)
Came home in a frenzy, pushin a ten speed
Screamin to Aunt Peg (AUNT PEG!!!!)
With three spokes stickin out of my pant leg
Fuck a headache, give me a migraine 
Damnit I like pain (AHH!)
And you should be anywhere that I might gain
You rap knowin you wack
You act up and I'm throwin you down a flight of steps
Then I'm throwin you back up em
If they don't like the track, fuck em
The rap struck em harder then gettin hit by a Mack truck
And then backed up on
And any half-assed known rapper to trespass
Better be ready for the second Celebrity Deathmatch (Ding! Ding!)
So tell the medic to bring the medication and quickly (Hurry up man!)
I'm sicker than a Tupac dedication to Biggie
I'm free-fallin feet first out of a damn tree
To stampede your chest till you can't breathe
And when I'm down to my last breath
I'ma climb the Empire State Building and get to the last step
And still laugh half bent
[Eminem and Royce]
Y'all want drama? Wanna make a scary movie?
Rappers comin in with they team and carry toolies
You can jump right out of the screen and barely move me
We hard-hittin, directin and starrin in it
[Em] Bad.. the bad..
[R5] Uhh, when the bad meets the bad.. yo..
[Em] The evil
[R5] Take the evil with the evil
[Em] Put em together
[R5] What? Nine-nine
[Em] Two times.. Slim Shady.. Royce the Five Nine

_____
Women Singing:
Ain't no one special, special like you (4X)
I been searching, but your the one I want in my life baby (4X)
Verse 1: Eminem
I'm reminiscing on your tenderness and the snuggling and teasing
Missing what I remember, kissing and hugging and squeezing
Bugging and weezing, I'm having trouble when breathing
It's even tougher when sleeping
But there's a couple of reasons that I'm suffering and grieving
For loving and leaving, you all I'm thinking of in the evening
You got my knees buckling and weakening
Thoughts of nothing but freaking that I'm struggling to keep in
And interrupt when I'm speaking
I got some game that I'm preparing to run
The way your lips sparkle and glare in the sun
You got your hair in a bun, no matter what you're wearing you stun
Cause your comparing to none, I wanna share in the fun
I feel a passionate lust when I'm imagining just us alone at last with a
touch
I see you grasping to trust, but my intentions are good
The seed is passing in dust
I'm not asking to rush and answer immediately
I just wanna be there for you and you to be there for me
If you agree to repeat after me, I Love You (I love you baby)
Cause I just need you to see, how much I'm eager to be
Your man legally wed, your love's keeping me fed
This is easily said, so you can lead or be led
If you care to be down cause ain't nobody Like you no where to be found
Chorus:
Women Singing:
I been searching, but your the one I want in my life baby (4X)
Verse 2: Denaun Porter
Baby it's all on you, it's you I call on boo
Let's set a day up so you can fall on through
We'll take a spin in a Lexus you can chill for dinner and breakfast
Long enough to see how this gentleman sex'es
We'll start it out with caviar, Don Parigne
And then when it's a fact we are warm, carry on
We'll take it slow, see nobody will hurry things
I got the herbs the Bacardi and Hurricane
If Daiquiris are in debate and not your thing that day
It's still all right cause I got Minute Maid and Tangeray
Your an incredible one that's rare, in bed with edible underwear
You look impeccable, nothing compares
I dream of freaking you, the women that will speak it too so
It seems that there is not an end to things that we can do so
Now we all set to play, only thing left to say is
When you step away, baby but don't forget the Neglicie
Chorus:
Women Singing:
I been searching, but your the one I want in my life baby (8X)
Ain't no one special, special like you (2X)

_____
Maxine!! (Phone Rings)
[Maxine:] Hello
[Denaun:] Can I speak to Maxine?
[Maxine:] Yeah this is me what's up?
[Denaun:] What up?
[Maxine:] Who dis?
[Denaun:] Denaun
[Maxine:] Yeah what's up?
[Denaun:] What are you doing?
[Maxine:] Nothing, just laying in bed
[Denaun:] Huh?
[Maxine:] Nothing, just laying in bed
[Denaun:] Why?
[Maxine:] I don't know, thinking about something freaky to do
[Verse 1: Eminem]
I know this crack fiend Maxine who needs a vaccine
She tests positive but tells you that her act's clean
Plus she got a sugar daddy
Asking every hooker that he takes in to crook her badly
If you mistook her sadly, on her reputation
You're in jepordation, if you ain't got no preparation
When you step away son, she got her face done
Looking provocative, she'll let you knock it if
You press the issue and get undressed to kiss you
If you match the price, otherwise she won't look at you twice
But when you catch the lice, or get the urgency
To go to the emergency cause it burns to pee
Don't bring your germs to me, cause I ain't trying to hear it
While your fighting you fucking disease trying to clear it (Maxine!!)
[Verse 2: Denaun Porter]
Sometimes I wonder, what's your purpose? In life that is
To get with every brother and unveil one of his kids, shit
You living trife, got three kids at home and club hopping every night
You say it's gonna stop but it.. just.. slows.. down
And then speeds back to a regular pace, there is no end to this
Mystery, whatever your reason even is to be
You say you wanna be with me, but how can you say that
When you got niggas hiding in your closet
I refrain from getting angry but you keep on that strangely
[Verse 3: 3]
I met this girl last week, she was a freak, and she liked me
So I stepped on it and then asked my homies
And chilled on the side and then watched they niggas
Big game over there and take notes, while I get this number
I stepped to her first I cleared my throat and said "Hey Bitch..
Haven't I seen you before?", looked at my nigga
Turned around and got slapped throughout my hands
And said "Oh it's like that?"
She said she just broke up with her nigga and shit
She started crying, and asked me to forgive her and shit
She said her name was Maxine, so I told her I wanted her number
She asked could I give her mine two
Got to the crib and called her up
We got into a good conversation that's when she asked me could I fuck
I said "Maxine check this out,
Give me your address I'll be through and you'll find out"
Got to the crib she let me in
She didn't waste time she grabbed my hand and proceeded to the bedroom
I said "Hold up, and stop proceeding, you rushing things"
What the fuck are you doing?
So I went for my protection, took off my clothes and started flexing
As she went for my midsection
I threw her down as I tore off her shirt
Pulled out my jimmy and I thought about putting in work
Before I hit it she said
"3 don't get mad but there's something that I gotta tell your ass"
I said "What is it, another nigga? It's ok"
She said "No I forgot to tell you, that I got AIDS"
I got up out
[Denaun:] Hey, Maxine
[Maxine:] What
[Denaun:] You thinking about sucking my dick?
[Maxine:] Yeah for a small price
[Denaun:] For a small price? What you mean?
[Maxine:] You know, money nigga
[Denaun:] You don't need no damn money,
I can't give you no money anyways, I heard you got some shit.
[Maxine:] (laughing) What you, what you hear I got?
[Denaun:] AIDS
[Maxine:] (laughing) Who told you that bullshit?
[Denaun:] My nigga Kyu, he wouldn't lie
[Maxine:] Well if that's the case, Kyu got it then
[Denaun:] Oh for real, it's like that?
[Maxine:] (laughing) Well I ain't got shit,
so he ain't got shit, and if he do, he ain't get that shit from me,
I ain't fucking around with no 3rd nigga
[Denaun:] Fuck that, I ain't fucking with you
[Maxine:] No, see..
[Denaun:] You got that shit, I ain't gotta fuck with you
[Maxine:] Hold on, why it ain't even like that
[Denaun:] I want ya'll to get paid, fucking..
[Maxine:] (laughing as the phone hangs up)

_____
(My name is Marshall
I'm repping that motherfucking Motor City, bitch)
I just turned Slaughterhouse to a quintet
Began to trend-set, murdered a friend's pet
Made shit as ill as it can get went in depth
Like a fucking vignette and two bars skins wet
I'm already covered in sweat and I wasn't even ready to come in yet
AHH, let me set this drink down
Beat up a gal, start beef with her pal
Probably be wild 'til I'm wrinkled and senile
And "Rap God" was a freestyle
Off the top of the dome piece while I was sleep on the couch
And I'm freestyling now
I need a towel, sweat leaks from my brow
It's burning my eyes, my cerebral is foul
Cause shit I'm thinking about should be illegal
I need my head banned like the guy who left Cleveland Ohio
And went to South Beach with his talents
Scream "fuck you" on the way out and wink with a smile
This whole game can eat a dick, I'm going back deep underground
But right now I'm back on that bullshit and you I'm singling out
Cause you're so fucking outdated you should mingle a while
What the fuck is this Klusterfuk of busters
Bunch of Buster Douglas', motherfuckers is one hit wonders
One swing and you're crowned
Knocked one out the park, one catchy jingle and now
You think you fucking with me cause you sold like 300 thou
Bitch, I can jump without my feet ever leaving the ground
Reach up, swing from a cloud with 3 thousand people around
Evil and vile enough to leap in the crowd
And heave a child in a sink hole on Cinco De Mayo
When I'm sprinkled in pico de gallo
Mardi Gras beads in a towel
I just made that up
I don't know much Spanish, I'm not bilingual
But I'll show you a Mexican stand off
Between just these two amigos
Cause neither really wants to say what we're thinking out loud
But I sure as fuck think I know how read body English, no doubt
Cause we're trying to kill each other, but lyrically
The fuck is humility? What is a real emcee?
Royce, he came up in the shit with me
Never spit that hustler shit, it wasn't a fit for me
Let them adjust 'til they just get the gist of me
Just not giving a fuck and plus with the history
Of muscular distrophy, it wasn't a mystery
Why this middle finger was stuck in this upward positioning
So what in the fuck is a list to me?
I'm used to not being on it, I expect it out 'em
Heck wit' em, I get my respect without 'em
Ain't really been into diamonds since I put my first record out
But I could put a chain around my second album
And wear it as a neck medallion
Became a millionaire, went downhill from there
Became civil, office swivel chair, sterling silverware
Screaming life is still unfair til I get a real career
The fuck am I gonna do until then? This job is too fulfilling
Two ga-jillion pairs of super villain shoes to fill in
And a mood to kill till I plow my Coupe de Ville
Into some children at the food pavilion and Build-A-Bear
Warrior's mind, Im pro-hydrocodone euphoria
In the Drug Emporium line, I'm soaring
I'm pouring Vicodin four at the time ignoring the warning signs on 'em fore I go four wheeler riding
Gory and violent and horrifying
You surely won't find no one more abhorring
Than I am with this retaliatory of rhyming for Gloria Steinem
But I finger her like a witness, show me a line-up
I usually am abusive, but excuse me, ma'am
I guess I must've threw you for a loop like Toucan Sam
When I said I could use the sample cause you's a tramp
But look how you react to this trigger like
When I call you a bigger dyke than the Hoover Dam
You're playing right in Lex Luthor's hand
It's such a ruthless plan, might even lose a fan
But fuck it, Superman wouldn't change in a phone booth for Stan
I'm a brand new being like Grand Puba's band
Happy as Anderson Cooper having a tuba crammed
In his pooper with lubricant...wait, that's too... I can't
Since honesty is the best policy I'll give you the old college try
Try to acknowledge my mistakes, probably won't qualify
As a gentleman and a scholar, but it's time that I swallow pride
And say that I'm sorry, sorry I can't apologize
I think of all them times I compromised my bottom lines
And thought of rhymes that sodomized your daughter's minds
Then I'm like dollar signs
But I may fight for gay rights especially if they dyke
Is more of a knockout than Janay Rice
Play nice, bitch, I'll punch Lana Del Rey right
In the face twice like Ray Rice in broad daylight
In plain sight of the elevator surveillance
Til her head is banged on the railing
Then celebrate with the Ravens
Never date an assailant who self-medicates with inhalants
I'd meditate, but I may need a better way to escape
The aggression, rage and the anger
Cause leg restraints on the ankles
Heavyweights and an anchor with handcuffs in chains
This ain't just enough to contain it
But I still get the same respect as Jay if I came on
Stage in a fucking negligee everyday and Liz Claiborne
Devastated from breakup with Kate Hudson
Wait slut, your friends, what are they gonna say
Cause makeup ain't gonna cover
That eye that's seven-eighths of the way shut
Peppersprayed with your face cut
Made my bank like a lay up
Off these effing skanks on the way up
Oh, bitch thinks she's heaven-sent
It's evident that she ain't never been with seven inches
Yes, I said seven, I measured it
Seven inches from the floor
While I'm standing on the fourth floor balcony
At the Sheradon when I'm stretching it
Bitch, I'm a pimp so a limp dick is all you'll ever get
So if she's hesitant to get the hint
I'll bet you that I get the message sent who she's messing with
Hella quick when I tell a chick not to ever use sex as a weapon
When I step in and beat the wretched wench with a crescent wrench
Existential detriment to a lesbian devil
And the unpleasant stench of an estrogen level
The separatist like a Chechnian rebel
Impressionist with a pencil
A pessimist, with his lips pressed against
The edge of this Red Bull
Pedal to the metal I'm rippin' this shit cause right away I'll give it to a bitch like a pedestrian, deadly as ever
You see what kind of effects she has on the opposite sex when I push her flexible little sexy ass through a plate of plexiglass
SHADYXV as perplexing as
The last fifteen years and I'm predicting my next relapse
When I spit these lyrics so don't look at me weird
When I start shifting gears and shit re-smears all over Britney Spears
And these little Disney queers
Who use chicks for beards?
Just made that up too...
Oh and the Shady 2.0
We wrote it in roman numerals like they do for the Super Bowls
Cause it's supposed to confuse you hoes
The flows lose you as usual, so juvenile
2 year old when I go to the studio
It's only music but don't be foolish though
You don't know me through it ho but you can blow me to it though
In my homie's Buick
Been known to lose it though so if I overdo it you drove me to it
When I step in the vocal booth like I'm supposed to do
And I murder you on a fuckin' track like Tony Stewart
In one take, if I fuck up and I don't redo it
You couldn't sound grown on a beat if you were moaning to it
The day I don't say fuck you (w)all, you can throw me through it
Rootinest-tootinest, shootin' this from the hip
With the sentiments, Eminem isn't penning them for the women
I'm an enemy to them and the epitome of an inconsiderate idiot
But they consider me equivalent to chlamydia
They tryna get rid of me gadzooks
But I stiggity stand for the fliggity flag
Of the United States and the freedom, I distribute these raps through
And if I catch you doing anything
Hindering or prohibiting that after I give me the
Tattoo of your lips on my ass I'mma be literally
Pickin' up and deliberately whippin' the Statue of Liberty at you WOOOOH!
Fuck it
Got it somewhere in there probably, I don't know

_____
Yeah!
God damn!
Feels like a long time don't it?
Did you miss us?
We missed you!
Shady Narcotics
It's the Re up!
Pussies
And we're back
Myself
D12
50 cent
Obie Trice
Stat Quo
And I would also like to introduce. . .
The two newest members of the family
One goes by the name of Bobby Creek
The other goes by the name of Ca$his , from orange county

_____
Let's get down to business
I ain't got no time to mess around what is this?
New shit coming through; I ain't got no time to mess around
We coming
I got 50 Cent I got G-Uni we up in this bitch
With Obie Trice
So watch what you say 'fore you call our names you say one more thing
It won't be nice
Here we go i should've known
That i would finally get pulled
Into some more shit sooner or later you little haters
Are too jealous of us to love us then Obie's coming
D12 is coming you're sick to your stomachs
50 percent of it's 50 Cent the other 50 percent of it's
Whose colour of skin it is
And before you even consider taking our label down
You better find our building and fly a fucking plane into it
But I ain't trying to get too intricate into it I'm just trying
To give you a little hint for your own benefit
Cuz then it's gonna get to the point where it is gonna escalade
Into some other shit then I'ma flip
Then I'ma get to stompin in my air force ones
You won't be able to tell if it's two pairs or one
It's gonna feel like so many feet kicking you
You'll think Nike just made these in a cleat tennis shoe
I don't know what it is or what it could be but
I get a woody when these pussies try to push me
Thinking they gon' put me in the position to pick at me
Y'all tickle me pink I think I'd just rather have Pink tickle me
Hickory dickory dock tickety tock tickety
A little bit of the dickety dock dickety
Mixed with a little bit of the jigga-j-jigga
With a small pinch of Biggie look at me I'm just the bomb
We the realest label
Don't try to act like you don't feel our label
Cuz we gon' fuck around and steal your label
G-Uni, Obie Trice, 50 Cent, D12 and Shady we the label for sure
We the realest label
Don't try to act like you don't feel our label
Cuz we gon' fuck around and steal your label
G-Uni, Obie Trice, 50 Cent, D12 and Shady we the label for sure

_____
Eminem:
S-S-Shady Records, you better believe the HYPE is real...
'Yeah! Yeah! You rockin' wit the talk of New York Tony yayo Shady aftermath with the Soul Assasins.
Chorus:
Niggas know what i'm about out here
I don't toot my own horn cuz i don't have to
You can run your own mouth, i don't care
If you get too close i'm gon' clap you
it's too real out here, to be scared
A real nigga gon' do whatever he has to
A man is the last thing you should fear
it aint considered a crim unless they catch you
We all die 1 day...
Obie Trice:
Niggas, when i step up in the bar, faggots's wanna look
Like you muthafuckas got Obie Trice shook
Like i'ma stand here as a man
and let some queer-ass funny lookin nigga get the upper hand
I got issues... got no time
Got guns than more niggas moms
Shoot up clubs and destroy niggas rides
Everybody runnin' for they muthafuckin lives
Tough Club niggas? we leave early
Cock back shirley, open up ya fade
your gray brain needs motor city paid
Your nervous system still twitch on days; these
ho's and animals ?'s get merked
don't ever let a nigga tell you slugs don't hurt
don't ever let a nigga tell you 'play the ball hard'
Trust in God cuz you's about to have a bullet scar
I give a fuck where you from, who you be with
Keep this a secret, right by the nuts
a .45 that'll lite niggas up
and this .45 high make me not give a fuck
Chorus:
Lloyd Banks:
But as long as i'm here i'm gon' grab checks
And make my cash stretch longer than giraffe necks
Poverty'll make ya ass bet
My words touch niggas in jail, make them wanna finish they last bet
They say you live by the gun, you die by the next nigga gun
if thats the case, then get a bigger one
You dont think i pack the 'bump' cuz i'm out the hood
that's a stereotype, like everybody that's black can jump
i'm in a white mink, the fabric is done
got rings like Mike, Bird, Magic and them
I'm out in dallas in a palace where the Mavericks is from
Living lavish i'm established 'til the cabbage'll come
I'm in the clouds, you don't see me on a train
I travel first class, you aint ever got a TV on your plane
ssh, be easy on my name
cuz i aint goin bank n forth
your boss and ya captains's soft
Chorus:
Eminem:
We gon' bring it to anybody who want it
you want it? you gon' get it
Man when we gon' hit 'em
chew 'em up and spit 'em out
 too much venom
and if you roll wit em
we gon' fuck you up wit 'em
i got too much momentum
movin in my direction to lose
my shoes'll explode as soon as you go to step in 'em *BOOM!*
You know how we do it when we do how we do it
and we come through, g-unit d one two (D12) and Obie we all move
like assasins, ski masks and gloves
consider this as a warning, disaster comes
faster than you can react to it, just ask Marx
we are fizzast, fuck your little bitch as up
We are not killas, my vato will have you shot though
drag the little body on fuck like kim osario's
little sorry-o ass, go ask B-Real
We burn Source coovers like fuckin Cyrpress Hill
then in the Ninties when you was in diapers still
Shady Records, you better believe the hype is real
This is no joke, i don't smoke, but i toke
enough second hand to make my fuckin P.O. choke
I'm an O.G. you're fuckin wit a G.I. Joe
BIA BIA, MIA-MIA you livin la vida a loc?
i'm a psyhco, mariah aint got shit on me
when i retire i'll be spittin baby food on peep-
le it at San Ceedrow Ranch huddled up next to a em with hello kitty on slippers on humpin her
legs
you ever had your cap peeled back? or your shit pushed in?
I'll put my blade in you like a fuckin pin cushin
slice your ear clear off, Schmirnoff and Hen dawg (hennessy)
I'll show you how to fuckin kill a man like Sin-dog
Nobody told you that i'm loco esse?
I lack every sane chemical in my membrane
I'm Slim Sha.. DY and it is for dees nuts
and you can get each one for free so feast up
i pee in a cup for 3 months, i'm having a E party
for easter, please come
50 Cent:
We gon' bring it to anybody who want it
you want it? you gon' get it
your name up over him, chew him up
and spit him out
too much venom
and if you roll wit' him we gon' fuck you up wit' him
you can do all them push ups to pump up ya chest
i got a 12 gauge Marksberg to pump up ya chest
have you gaspin for air after that shell hit ya vest
fear me like you fear God cuz i bring death
silver back gorilla in the concrete jungle
i'm the strongest around, you know how i get down
i watch gangsta flicks and root for the bad guy
turn it off before it ends because the bad guy dies
if you tryin' to buy guns from the nigga that look to
so what they got bodies on 'em they still look new
you can raise your voice like you finna touch somethin'
when i raise my knife, shit i'm finna cut somethin
they say i walk like Ron O'neil and talk like obie (obie trice)
if the bitch think i love her, well then the bitch don't know me
haha, sorry KIM (eminem's ex wife)
Eminem:
S-S-Shady Records, you better believe the HYPE is real...
'Yeah! Yeah! Shots to Soul Assasins! DJ MUGZ... Alchemist...
Chorus:
Niggas know what i'm about out here
I don't toot my own horn cuz i don't have to
You can run your own mouth, i don't care
If you get too close i'm gon' clap you
it's too real out here, to be scared
A real nigga gon' do whatever he has to
A man is the last thing you should fear
it aint considered a crim unless they catch you
We all die 1 day...
Obie Trice:
Niggas, when i step up in the bar, faggots's wanna look
Like you muthafuckas got Obie Trice shook
Like i'ma stand here as a man
and let some queer-ass funny lookin nigga get the upper hand
I got issues... got no time
Got guns than more niggas moms
Shoot up clubs and destroy niggas rides
Everybody runnin' for they muthafuckin lives
Tough Club niggas? we leave early
Cock back shirley, open up ya fade
your gray brain needs motor city paid
Your nervous system still twitch on days; these
ho's and animals ?'s get merked
don't ever let a nigga tell you slugs don't hurt
don't ever let a nigga tell you 'play the ball hard'
Trust in God cuz you's about to have a bullet scar
I give a fuck where you from, who you be with
Keep this a secret, right by the nuts
a .45 that'll lite niggas up
and this .45 high make me not give a fuck
Chorus:
Lloyd Banks:
But as long as i'm here i'm gon' grab checks
And make my cash stretch longer than giraffe necks
Poverty'll make ya ass bet
My words touch niggas in jail, make them wanna finish they last bet
They say you live by the gun, you die by the next nigga gun
if thats the case, then get a bigger one
You dont think i pack the 'bump' cuz i'm out the hood
that's a stereotype, like everybody that's black can jump
i'm in a white mink, the fabric is done
got rings like Mike, Bird, Magic and them
I'm out in dallas in a palace where the Mavericks is from
Living lavish i'm established 'til the cabbage'll come
I'm in the clouds, you don't see me on a train
I travel first class, you aint ever got a TV on your plane
ssh, be easy on my name
cuz i aint goin bank n forth
your boss and ya captains's soft
Chorus:
Eminem:
We gon' bring it to anybody who want it
you want it? you gon' get it
Man when we gon' hit 'em
chew 'em up and spit 'em out
 too much venom
and if you roll wit em
we gon' fuck you up wit 'em
i got too much momentum
movin in my direction to lose
my shoes'll explode as soon as you go to step in 'em *BOOM!*
You know how we do it when we do how we do it
and we come through, g-unit d one two (D12) and Obie we all move
like assasins, ski masks and gloves
consider this as a warning, disaster comes
faster than you can react to it, just ask Marx
we are fizzast, fuck your little bitch as up
We are not killas, my vato will have you shot though
drag the little body on fuck like kim osario's
little sorry-o ass, go ask B-Real
We burn Source coovers like fuckin Cyrpress Hill
then in the Ninties when you was in diapers still
Shady Records, you better believe the hype is real
This is no joke, i don't smoke, but i toke
enough second hand to make my fuckin P.O. choke
I'm an O.G. you're fuckin wit a G.I. Joe
BIA BIA, MIA-MIA you livin la vida a loc?
i'm a psyhco, mariah aint got shit on me
when i retire i'll be spittin baby food on peep-
le it at San Ceedrow Ranch huddled up next to a em with hello kitty on slippers on humpin her
legs
you ever had your cap peeled back? or your shit pushed in?
I'll put my blade in you like a fuckin pin cushin
slice your ear clear off, Schmirnoff and Hen dawg (hennessy)
I'll show you how to fuckin kill a man like Sin-dog
Nobody told you that i'm loco esse?
I lack every sane chemical in my membrane
I'm Slim Sha.. DY and it is for dees nuts
and you can get each one for free so feast up
i pee in a cup for 3 months, i'm having a E party
for easter, please come
50 Cent:
We gon' bring it to anybody who want it
you want it? you gon' get it
your name up over him, chew him up
and spit him out
too much venom
and if you roll wit' him we gon' fuck you up wit' him
you can do all them push ups to pump up ya chest
i got a 12 gauge Marksberg to pump up ya chest
have you gaspin for air after that shell hit ya vest
fear me like you fear God cuz i bring death
silver back gorilla in the concrete jungle
i'm the strongest around, you know how i get down
i watch gangsta flicks and root for the bad guy
turn it off before it ends because the bad guy dies
if you tryin' to buy guns from the nigga that look to
so what they got bodies on 'em they still look new
you can raise your voice like you finna touch somethin'
when i raise my knife, shit i'm finna cut somethin
they say i walk like Ron O'neil and talk like obie (obie trice)
if the bitch think i love her, well then the bitch don't know me
haha, sorry KIM (eminem's ex wife)

_____
Dr. Dre]
Yeah
Yo, let's bring it
[Chorus - Eminem]
What you gonna do when shit hits the fan
Are you gonna stand and fight like a man?
Will you be as hard as you say you are?
Or you gonna run and go get your bodyguard?
I said What you gonna do when shit hits the fan?
Are you gonna stand and fight like a man?
And show us you're as hard as you say you are?
Or you gonna run and go get your bodyguard?
[Verse 1 - Dr. Dre]
Niggaz is so gangsta, Niggaz is thugs
Niggaz'll spend their whole life peddlin drugs
Slanging dope in hopes of one day bein able
To own their own label and give the game up
Some niggaz came up, some just didn't
That's just the way it is, if it ain't meant it, it just isn't
Some niggaz'll get money and pay niggaz to back em
So they can act up, feel comfortable, and rap tough
And that's as backwards, cuz them niggaz just gone keep coming back
And that's when extortion happens
You struggle to get free, I know how this shit be
You deal with anything to live legitimately
But you gone find if you do get in this industry
It's best to be business with me than against me
Niggaz get behind mics and ain't even MC's
Niggaz get on MTV just to diss me
This shit don't even piss me off
I'm laughin all the way to the bank
Watchin the satellite from a Bentley
You niggaz don't even got a car
You're so far under my radar
I don't even know who the fuck you are
To tell you to suck my dick while I'm pissin
I don't even listen to your shit to know who the fuck I'm dissin
The media just feeds into these feuds
Tryin to add fuel to the fire. This little nigga, Ja Rule
Talking bout he's gonna slap me. Nigga please
You gotta jump and swing up to hit me in the knees
I laugh at these magazines when they interview em
All they doin is making fake threats to us through em
And pussy you're not Pac, I knew em
Pac was a real nigga, you just a fuckin insult to em
It's too bad we had to fallout before he passes
If he could see this shit now, he'd be whoopin your ass
You're talkin to a pioneer who engineered this shit for 19 years
Who you got in your ear? I don't even gotta say it, the

_____
[Eminem - 4x]
I'll Shit On You
Da da, da da, da da
[Eminem]
I'll Shit On You
I will Shit On You
I'll Shit On You
Girl you know its true
I'll Shit On You
Bitch or man
I'll Shit On You
I will Shit On You
[Swifty]
I remain fatter than gluttony
Taping bombs to the back of record companies
Blow them up if they ain't want me
The National Guard, they scared to hunt me
I love beef; I got you hoes duckin me
A drug thief, bitch I'll take your marijuana
These slugs with keep your ass away from my corner
I drown niggas in hundred degree saunas
You can act a fool if you wanna (bitch)
It's this lyrical piranha
Strapped with a grenade, in the pool with your mama
Attack her by the legs then I pull her to the bottom
Twist nothin up like a condom
Slap it if you fuckers got a problem
When I see them, you hoes ending up in a fuckin mausoleum
Or hidden in the trunk of a black and gold BM
Pull in the garage while you screamin
Keep the motor on then I'm leaving (I'll Shit On You!)
I'll shit on you!
Chorus: Eminem
I will shit on you I don't care who you are
(I'll Shit On You!)
I don't give a fuck about you or your car
(I'll Shit On You!)
Fuck your house, fuck your jewelry and fuck your watch
(I'll Shit On You!)
Fuck your wife, fuck your kids, fuck your family
(I'll Shit On You!)
[Bizarre]
I'm a alcoholic with the fucking toilet
Pass the hot dogs (Bizarre aren't you Islamic?)
Bitch shut your fucking mouth
I'ma keep eating 'till Richard Simmons comes to my house
with a chain saw to cut me out
I'll fuck your wife
I had sex since I met her
I'm to busy fucking, your 12 year old baby sitter
And all women ain't shit
Only good for cooking, cleaning
and sucking dick and thats it (I said it)
I was responsible for killing John Candy
I got Jonbenet Ramsey in my Ninety Eight Camry
I don't give a fuck who you are
I'll shit on anybody
Truly yours the idiotic Bizarre
[Eminem]
My adolescent years weren't shit 'till what I do now
I never grew up I was born grown, and grew down
The older I get, the dumber the shit, I get it
The more ignorant, the incident, is I fit it
Ignoring the shit how boring it gets
When there's no one to hit
I don't know when to quit throwing a fit
I know I'm a bit flaky but they make me
Its they who raised me and say the can take me
Its they who legs I brake and make achy
Its they who mistake me and make me so angry
(I'll Shit On You!) I'll spit on you
Start pissing and do the opposite on you
You weren't listening, I said I'll cop a squat on you
Start spilling my guts like chicken cordon blew and
Straight shit like Notorious B.I.G. did to that bitch
on his skit on his last album
Pull my pants down and..
Chorus
[Kon Artist]
Is Richard Pryor still alive?
If not I'm sicker than he was prior to him dying (what?)
Born brainless, this steel ain't stainless
Your bloodstains are all over this steel god dang-it
Bitch bring it, these niggas that I hang with
Will hang you up naked by your ankles dangling
My need I stay strangling
I don't need your help
If you gon' give me the pussy
I'll un-loosen my belt (I'll Shit On You!)
I'll punch your daddy not, your mom's kinda cock
Your sister tends court, your aunt supply her rocks
Buck fifty cross your neck
Floss your teck, I'll beat you with it across your chest
[Kuniva]
It's only right I jack your car keys and run
Spent all of my advancements on weed and guns
For fun, when I'm drunk
I'll run a truck through the weed house
Jump out and beat your peeps down worst than Steve Stout
Put you in chokeholds I learned last week
From the Police man who caught me stealing weed from his jeep
(Hey, hey, hey!)
I see hoes biting, y'all don't wanna brawl
Thats like D-Bo fightin Peablo Bryson (I'll Shit On You)
So what you hollering and yelling about
I'll reach in your mouth and pull your fucking skeleton out
Niggas get hit with a two piece, "Bling Bling"
With a poisonous sting
I'm such a violent thing
Chorus
[Eminem]
Once I get on two, hits of X
My disk slips and disconnects
'Till I walk around this bitch with a twisted neck
But still shit on the first bitch who disrespects
(C'mon, I'll Shit On You!)
Over reaction is my only reaction
Which only sets off a chain reaction
and puts five more zainiac than maniacs in action
A rat pack in black jackets who pack ten
Nine millimeters, five criminals pulling heaters
and spilling liters of blood like swimming pools
Shiesty individuals shoot at bitches too {*Bullets spray*}
A lot of people say misoginistic which is true
I can't deny it matter of fact I stand by it
So please stand by it before we start up a damn riot
If you don't wanna get stampeded then stand quiet
Boy girl dog woman man child
I'll Shit On You!
I will Shit On You I don't care who you are
I'll Shit On You
I don't give a fuck about you or your car
I'll Shit On You
Fuck your house, fuck your jewelry and fuck your watch
I'll Shit On You
I will fuck you wife if you fuck with me
I'll Shit On You
You heard me {*Eminem laughs*}
Bitch, I'll Shit On You
D-12 will Shit On You
I'll Shit On You
Your life
Your wife
Your kids
Your car
I'll Shit On You
Your house
Your spouse
Your rings
Your things
I'll Shit On You
I'll Shit On You
I'll Shit On You
I'll Shit On You

_____
i made it through to wilderness aaaa
i made it throoough aaaaaa
didn't know how lost i was until i found youuuu.
i like big buts and i can not lie
you  brothers can't deny
when a girl walks in with a idddybiddy waiste and that
round thing in your face you get feeeelings.
aaaaa it's fun to say it the y.m.c.a it's fun to say it the y.m.c.a
do you really want to hurt me oowwww do you really want to make me cry.
aaaa stayin alive stayin alive aaaaa
who let the dogs out hoo hoo hoo hoo hoo
who let the dogs out hoo hoo hoo hoo hoo
dance to the music
dance to the music
dance to the music
dance to the music
freaky girls
i am a freaky girl
i am a freaky girl
you are a freaky boy
you are a freaky boy
freaky freaky

_____
Hi everybody and welcome to the Shrek in the swamp karaoke dance party!
Im gonna take things down a little bit with one of my personal favorites
Dont go changing to try and please me
Youve never let me down before
Mmmmm
I made it through the wilderness
You know I made it through
Didnt know how lost I was until I found you
YEAH!
I like big butts and I cannot lie
You other brothers cant deny
When a girls was in with an itty bitty waist
And a round thing in your face you get
--feelings--
Its fun to stay at the YMCA
Its fun to stay at the YMCA eh?
Do you really want to hurt me? OW
Do you really want to make me cry?
Ah ah ah ah staying alive staying alive ho ho ho ho
Who let the dogs out who who who who who
Who let the dogs out who who who who who
Say get up and dance to the music
Bum bum bum bum bum bum
Dance to the music
Dance to the music
All we need is a drummer
For people who only need a beat YEAH
Mm -- break it down green girl
Thelonius my man
Im gonna add some bottoms
So that the dancers just wont hide
Yo, take it Shrek
You might like to hear my organ
I said ride sally ride
I cant see me loving nobody like you for all my life
Dance to the music(x7)
Hey Pinnochio, you wanna watch that nose man?

_____
[Verse 1]
These ideas are nightmares to white parents
Whose worst fear is a child with dyed hair and who likes earrings
Like whatever they say has no bearing, it's so scary in a house that allows
no swearing
To see him walking around with his headphones blaring
Alone in his own zone, cold and he don't care
He's a problem child
And what bothers him all comes out, when he talks about
His fuckin' dad walkin' out
Cause he just hates him so bad that he blocks him out
If he ever saw him again he'd probably knock him out
His thoughts are whacked, he's mad so he's talkin' back
Talkin' black, brainwashed from rock and rap
He sags his pants, do-rags and a stocking cap
His step-father hit him, so he socked him back, and broke his nose
His house is a broken home, there's no control, he just let's his emotions
go...
[Chorus]
{C'mon}, sing with me, {sing}, sing for the years
{Sing it}, sing for the laughter, sing for the tears, {c'mon)
Sing it with me, just for today, maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you
away...
[Verse 2]
Entertainment is changin', intertwinin' with gangsta's
In the land of the killers, a sinner's mind is a sanctum
Holy or unholy, only have one homie
Only this gun, lonely cause don't anyone know me
Yet everybody just feels like they can relate, I guess words are a
mothafucka they can be great
Or they can degrade, or even worse they can teach hate
It's like these kids hang on every single statement we make
Like they worship us, plus all the stores ship us platinum
Now how the fuck did this metamorphosis happen
From standin' on corners and porches just rappin'
To havin' a fortune, no more kissin' ass
But then these critics crucify you, journalists try to burn you
Fans turn on you, attorneys all want a turn at you
To get they hands on every dime you have, they want you to lose your mind
every time you mad
So they can try to make you out to look like a loose cannon
Any dispute won't hesitate to produce handguns
That's why these prosecutors wanna convict me, strictly just to get me off
of these streets quickly
But all they kids be listenin' to me religiously, so i'm signin' cd's while
police fingerprint me
They're for the judge's daughter but his grudge is against me
If i'm such a fuckin' menace, this shit doesn't make sense Pete
It's all political, if my music is literal, and i'm a criminal how the fuck
can I raise a little girl
I couldn't, I wouldn't be fit to, you're full of shit too, Guerrera, that
was a fist that hit you...
[CHORUS]
[Verse 3]
They say music can alter moods and talk to you
Well can it load a gun up for you , and cock it too
Well if it can, then the next time you assault a dude
Just tell the judge it was my fault and i'll get sued
See what these kids do is hear about us totin' pistols
And they want to get one cause they think the shit's cool
Not knowin' we really just protectin' ourselves, we entertainers
Of course the shit's affectin' our sales, you ignoramus
But music is reflection of self, we just explain it, and then we get our
checks in the mail
It's fucked up ain't it
How we can come from practically nothing to being able to have any fuckin'
thing that we wanted
That's why we sing for these kids, who don't have a thing
Except for a dream, and a fuckin' rap magazine
Who post pin-up pictures on their walls all day long
Idolize they favorite rappers and know all they songs
Or for anyone who's ever been through shit in their lives
Till they sit and they cry at night wishin' they'd die
Till they throw on a rap record and they sit, and they vibe
We're nothin' to you but we're the fuckin' shit in they eyes
That's why we seize the moment try to freeze it and own it, squeeze it and
hold it
Cause we consider these minutes golden
And maybe they'll admit it when we're gone
Just let our spirits live on, through our lyrics that you hear in our
songs and we can...
[CHORUS X2]

_____
Shady.
Convict.
Up Front.
Akon.
Slim Shady.
I see the one 'cause she be that lady.
[Chorus-Akon]
I feel you creepin', I can see you from my shadow
Wanna jump up in my Lamborghini Gallardo
Maybe go to my place and just kick it, like Taebo
And possibly bend you over
Look back and watch me
smack that, all on the floor,
smack that, give me some more,
smack that, 'till you get sore
smack that, oooh.
Smack that, all on the floor,
smack that, give me some more
smack that, 'till you get sore,
smack that, oooh.
[Verse 1-Akon]
Up front style. Ready to attack now.
Pull in the parking lot slow with the lack down.
Convicts got the whole thing packed down.
Step in the club. The wardrobe intact now.
I feel it. Go on and crack now.
Ooh, I see it. Don't let back now.
Im'a call her. Then I put the mack down.
Money? No problem. Pocket full of that now.
[Chorus-Akon]
I feel you creepin', I can see you from my shadow
Wanna jump up in my Lamborghini Gallardo
Maybe go to my place and just kick it, like Taebo
And possibly bend you over
Look back and watch me
smack that, all on the floor,
smack that, give me some more,
smack that, 'till you get sore
smack that, oooh.
Smack that, all on the floor,
smack that, give me some more
smack that, 'till you get sore,
smack that, oooh.
[Verse 2-Eminem]
Ooh! Looks like another club banger.
They better hang on.
When I throw this thang on.
Get a little drink on. They goin' flip.
For this Akon shit. You can bank on it.
Pedicure, manicure, kitty cat claws.
The way she slimbs up and down them poles.
Lookin' like one of them Pussy Cat Dolls.
Tryna hold my woody back through my drawers.
Steps off stage, didn't think I saw her.
Creeps up behind me and she's like, you're -
I'm like, yeah I know, let's cut to the chase.
No time to waste. Back to my place.
Plus from the club to the crib's like a mile away.
Or more like a palace, shall I say.
And plus I got a pal. Every gal is game.
In fact he's the one singing the song that's playing! (Akon!)
[Chorus-Akon]
I feel you creepin', I can see you from my shadow
Wanna jump up in my Lamborghini Gallardo
Maybe go to my place and just kick it, like Taebo
And possibly bend you over
Look back and watch me
smack that, all on the floor,
smack that, give me some more,
smack that, 'till you get sore
smack that, oooh.
Smack that, all on the floor,
smack that, give me some more
smack that, 'till you get sore,
smack that, oooh.
[Verse 3-Akon]
Eminem's rollin', D an' them rollin'
Boo an' Oh Marvelous an' them rollin'
Women just hoin'
Big booty rollin'
Soon I be all in them an' throwin D
Hittin' no less than 3
Block will style like wee, wee
Girl, I can tell you want me, 'cause lately
[Chorus-Akon]
I feel you creepin', I can see you from my shadow
Wanna jump up in my Lamborghini Gallardo
Maybe go to my place and just kick it, like Taebo
And possibly bend you over
Look back and watch me
smack that, all on the floor,
smack that, give me some more,
smack that, 'till you get sore
smack that, oooh.
Smack that, all on the floor,
smack that, give me some more
smack that, 'till you get sore,
smack that, oooh.

_____
[Soppy romantic music plays in the background]
Roger : Skylar Montgomery?
Montgomery : What do you want from me Roger?
Roger : I know it was you all along messing around with my dear Veronica!
Montgomery : Wait a minute, you hold hold it right there.  Me and that woman
love each other.
Roger : Love? What do you know of love?
Montgomery : We were destined to be together.  I met her on the beach...!
Roger :Are you out to destroy me?
Montgomery : No Roger.  That's not what I want to do.
Roger : I love her!  And were going to be together.
Montgomery : Never!

_____
I'm a soldier, i'm a soldier, i'm a soldier, i'm a soldier...
Yo', never was a thug, just infatuated with guns,
never was a gangsta, 'til I graduated to one,
and got the rep of a villain, for weapon concealin',
took the image of a thug, kept shit appealin',
willin' to stick out my neck, for respect if it meant life or death,
never live to regret what I said,
when you're me, people just want to see,
if it's true, if it's you, what you say in your rap's, what you do,
so they feel, as part of your obligation to fulfill,
when they see you on the streets, face to face, are you for real,
in confrontation ain't no conversation, if you feel you're in violation,
any hesitation'll get you killed, if you feel it, kill it,
if you conceal it, reveal it, being reasonable will leave you full of bullets,
pull it, squeeze it, till it's empty, tempt me, push me, pussies,
I need a good reason to give this trigger a good squeeze...
[Chorus:]
I'm a soldier, these shoulder's hold up so much, they won't budge,
i'll never fall or fold up,
i'm a soldier,
even if my collar bone's crush or crumble,
I will never slip or stumble,
i'm a soldier,
these shoulder's hold up so much, they won't budge,
i'll never fall or fold up,
i'm a soldier,
even if my collar bone's crush or crumble,
I will never stumble...
I love pissin' you off, it get's me off,
like my lawyer's, when the fuckin' judge let's me off,
all you motherfuckers gotta do is set me off,
i'll violate and all the motherfuckin' bet's be off,
i'm a lit fuse, anything I do bitche, it's news,
pistol whippin' motherfuckin' bouncers, six-two,
who needs bullets, soon as I pull it, you sweat bullets,
an excellent method to get rid of the next bully,
it's actually better cause instead you murderin',
you can hurt em' and come back again and kick dirt at 'em,
it's like pourin' salt in the wounds, assault and get sued,
you can smell the lawsuits soon as I waltz in the room,
everybody halts and stops, calls the cops,
all you see is bitches comin' out their halter tops,
runnin' and duckin' out the Hard Rocks parking lot,
you'll all get shot whether its your fault or not, cause...
[Chorus]
I spit it slow so these kids know that i'm talkin' to 'em,
give it back to these damn critics and sock it to em,
i'm like a thug, with a little bit of Pac influence,
I spew it, and look how I got you bitches rockin' to it,
you motherfuckers could never do it like I could do it,
don't even try it, you'll look stupid, do not pursue it,
don't ever in your life, try to knock the truest,
I spit the illest shit, ever been dropped to two inch,
so ticky-tock listen as the sound ticks on the clock,
listen to the sound of Kim as she licks on a cock,
listen to the sound of me spillin' my heart through this pen,
motherfuckers know that i'll never be Marshall again,
full of controversy until I retire my jersey,
'til the fire inside dies and expires at thirty, and
Lord have mercy on any more of these rappers that verse me,
and put a curse on authorities in the face of adversity, i'm a...
[Chorus]
Yo' left, yo' left, yo' left,
right, left,
yo' left, yo' left, yo' left,
right, left,
yo' left, yo' left, yo' left,
right, left,
yo' left, yo' left, yo' left,
right, left...

_____
Sometimes
Aight listen ?. Sometimes you've got to turn the beat up cuz its sick
Listen ? fuck it , just let me spit?.
Yow??
Here goes ?.
Sometimes I feel like hurting the people who hurted me
Or even murder them, see
am a renegade ,revenge is what I need
am not the type who smokes weed to impress
I would smoke it cuz am depressed
But I don't need drugs to make new friends
Like all the rest of you fagots think
Sometimes am starting to scrabble shit
But just can't finish it of
And when it looks ready am trying to spit it
But keep forgetting the words
Sometimes we've got to see the difference between
Real life and music and what's on our mind
Sometimes we've got to leave the misery behind
And read between the lines
Sometimes we even got to drive trough red lights
And kill mic's we might wanna answer some questions right
Sometimes when am alone am starting to think
Why do I even exist I've got nothing to bring
And in class am the weakest link and then am starting to sing
But I want ya'll people to realize and starting to  see
that somewhere deep down there's a decent human being in me
sometimes when am alone I feel like quitting this life
but then I realize that it aint right
some shit reminds me of the dad I never had
why do I keep running from what I needed so bad
Sometimes I think life's a game
And everybody's a player who got
Something to bring or something to say
We got prayers, cops, waitresses even snobs
Who stink in there jobs but still get paid a lot
Sometimes life's fucked up?.
Sometimes we've got to see the difference between
Real life and music and what's on our mind
Sometimes we've got to leave the misery behind
And read between the lines
Sometimes we even got to drive trough red lights
And kill mic's we might wanna answer some questions right

_____
hi,
my name Is what,
my name is who,
my name is  ChikaChika Slim Shady
hi,
my name is huh,
my name is what,
my name is chikaChika Slim Shady
[Says] Excuse me?
Can I have the attention of the class, for one second?
Hi kids, do you like violence (yeah, yeah!)
wanna see me stick nine-inch nails
through each one of my eyelids.(uh-huh!)
Wanna copy me and do exactly like
i did try 'cid and get fucked up
worse than my life is (huh?)
My brain's dead weight I'm tryin
to get my head straight but i
can't figure out which Spice Girl
i wanna impregnate.
And Dr. Dre said (Slim Shady you
a bass head) nuh-uh! (then why's
your face red, man you wasted)
Well since age twelve I felt like
I'm someone else cuz I hung my
original self from the top bunk
with a belt.
Got pissed off and ripped Pamela
Lee's tits off and smacked her so
hard I knocked her clothes
backwards like Kriss Kross.
I'll smoke a fat pound of grass
and fall on my ass faster than a
fat bitch who sat down too fast.
Come here slut (Shady wait a minute
that's my girl dog) I don't give a
fuck, God sent me to piss the world
off.
Chorus x2
My English teacher wanted to flunk me in jr. high
thanks a lot, next semester i'll be 35,
I smacked him in his face wit an
eraser chased him wit a stapler and
stapled his nuts to a stack of paper. (aaaggghh)
Walked in a strip club, had my
jacket zipped up flashed the
bartender and stuck my dick in the
tip cup.
Extra-terrestrial runnin' over pedestrians,
in a spaceship while they screamin
(let's just be friends).
Ninety-nine percent of my life I was
lied to I just found out my mom does
more dope than I do.
I told her I'd grow up to be a famous
rapper make a record about doin drugs
and name it after her.
You know you blew up wit the women
rush your stands and try to touch
your hands like some screamin Usher

_____
We touch I feel a rush,
We clutch it isn't much
But it's enough to make me wonder
what's in store for us,
It's lust, it's torturous,
You must be a sorceress
Cause you just did the impossible:
Gained my trust,
Don't play games, it'll be dangerous
If you fuck me over
Cause if I get burnt
i'ma show you what it's like to hurt
Cause I been treated like dirt
Before you and love is evil,
Spell it backwards I'll show you...
Nobody knows me, I'm cold,
Walk down this road all alone,
It's no one's fault but my own,
It's the path I've chosen to go,
Frozen as snow I show no emotion
Whatsoever so
Don't ask me why I have no love
For these mufuckin hos,
Bloodsuckin succubuses,
What the fuck is up with this?
I've tried in this department
But I ain't had no luck with this,
It sucks but it's exactly
What I thought it would be -
Like tryin to start over,
I got a hole in my heart but
Some kind of emotional rollercoaster,
Something I won't go on
Til you toy with my emotion
So it's over,
It's like an explosion
Everytime I hold you,
Wasn't joking when I told you
You take my breathe away,
You're a supernova and I'm a...
[Chorus:]
I'm a space bound rocketship
And your heart's the moon,
And I'm aiming right at you,
Right at you...
250 thousand miles
On a clear night in June,
And I'm aiming right at you,
Right at you, right at you...
I'll do whatever it takes,
When I'm with you I get the shakes,
My body aikes when I ain't,
With you I have zero strength,
Theres no limit on how far I would go,
No boundaries, no lengths,
Why do we say that until we get
That person that we think's
Gonna be that one
And then once we get 'em
it's never the same,
You want them
when they don't want you,
Soon as they do, feelings change,
It's not a contest and I ain't
On no conquest for no mate,
I wasn't lookin but I stumbled
Onto you, must've been fate,
But so much is at stake,
What the fuck does it take?
Lets cut to the chase
'Fore the door shuts in your face,
Promise me if I cave in and break
And leave myself open
That I won't be makin a mistake...
[Chorus:]
I'm a space bound rocketship
And your heart's the moon,
And I'm aiming right at you,
Right at you...
250 thousand miles
On a clear night in June,
And I'm aiming right at you,
Right at you, right at you...
So after a year and 6 months
It's no longer me that you want
But I love you so much it hurts,
Never mistreated you once,
I poured my heart out to you,
Let down my guard, swear to God
I'll blow my brains in your lap,
Lay here and die in your arms,
Drop to my knees and I'm bleedin,
I'm tryin to stop you from leavin,
You won't even listen so fuck it
I'm tryin to stop you from breathin,
I put both hands on your throat,
I sit on top of you squeezin
Til I snap your neck
Like a popsicle stick,
Aint no possible reason
I could think of
To let you walk up out this house
And let you live,
Tears streamed down both of my cheeks
Then I let you go and just give,
And before I put that gun to my temple
I told you this...
(Gunshot noise)
And I would've done anything for you
To show you how much I adored you,
But it's over now,
It's too late to save our love,
Just promise me
You'll think of me
Every time you look up in the sky
And see a star,
Cause I'm a...
[Chorus:]
I'm a space bound rocketship
and your heart's the moon
And I'm aiming right at you
Right at you
250 thousand miles
on a clear night in june
And I'm so lost without you
Without you, without you...

_____
[Eminem]
If there's any bitches in this room, then there's something I gotta say
For all the fools who fell for the first girl who comes their way
I've been down that road and now I'm back, sittin' on square one
Tryna pick myself up where I started from
[Obie Trice]
I never woulda thought that I'd see you outta control
Even though my penis was deep down in your hole
You should know between us we was like mates to soul
Nothing could intervene us, especially no hoes
You was more or so the chalant type, I chose
To more shows, haunted you nights I suppose
That's how it go, with time spent, emotion grows
In the beginning, friends we decided to roll
So who's responsible when you get excited, explode
And Obie's grinning, then you invite that Obie's cold
But bitches the gon' talk, niggas they gon' hate
We established this way before we became mates
So whats required is that you chill with all that fire
Get your desire when I retire
[Chorus]
Spend some time with me, say that you'll be mine
I never thought I'd find someone to be mine
Lord knows I was right cuz you just crossed the line
Spend some time with me, say that you'll be mine
[Eminem]
I used to say I never met a girl like you before
Still ain't got a fuckin' clue as to who you truly are
Almost went as far as introducing you to my daughters
Till you went as far as goin' and snoopin' through my drawers
Now I just feel stupid for the loop that you threw me for
Can't believe I almost flew the coop for some stupid whore
You used to say all you wanted was for me to be yours
All I ever wanted from you was a few booty calls
If you recall I used to treat you as a groupie broad
When we fucked I refused to even take my jewelry off
But it threw me off the first time I called and you blew me off
It was a shock, it struck me as odd but it turned me on
You started getting moody on me, pretty soon we'd argue
And the ruder you got, the more beautiful you got to me
And who woulda even knew that who woulda even thought possibly
Cupid could shoot another one of them God damn darts at me
It's true that I got shot in the heart
But when someone seems too good to be true, they usually are
But see, when you're in it it's too hard to see
Till you pull up and see some other dude's car parked and reach
Up under the seat as your heart starts to beat
Before you make a decision that's life altering
And just as you halt and you turn and you start to leave
You hear them words echoing, almost haunting, that taunting ring
[Chorus]
[Stat Quo]
In most cases, Stat's attitude is fuck-a-bitch
My only motive is to get head and fuck a bitch
But you was different, thought we shared a covenant
Even held your hand in public, we sufferin' because of this
Shorty on some whole 'notha other shit
Tryna play sick thinkin' i'mma trick off rick
I'll admit, I was caught in the mix, down to commit
Feed you the best of me, I shoulda fed you piss
We started off closer than close
But who coulda predicted to know, your triflin' ways woulda stopped our growth
And the final result, back in that same boat
I ask myself, do I love these hoes? NO!
[50 cent]
Em introduced us, "50 this is Tanya, Tanya this is 50"
Then slid off and left her to kick it with me
I complimented her, I said you have very nice lips
With my imagination, I could see her suckin' my dick
We played the phone game, a week later, shit changed fast
Had her comin' over in a cab to give me some ass
Downtown Manhattan on the balcony, stare at the skyline
Penthouse full of imported shit, you know how I grind
She got to talkin', talkin' like an opportunist too
Why talk when suckin' my dick is the real career move?
Said she's an inspiring actress, she do videos for practice
Yeah, yeah, know how many times I done heard that shit?
[Chorus]

_____
[Xzibit]
I'ma clean this whole shit out like colonics,
With words put together better than Sony Electronics,
King of the jungle, humbly stay honest,
Eat with the lions, swim with piranhas,
Gasoline the seem, strike the match,
Inferno, I'm too thorough nigga so stand back,
I spit shine, get mine and rip rhymes
and make my career take an incline
I'm strict with knives, straight with razors,
Good with grenades and great with gauges
Been around the world in a million stages
Watch niggas bitch up and go through changes
I had guns before thugs was in fashion,
I mashed out before niggas knew mashin,
I knew terror before the plane started crashin,
I got punch lines and niggas ain't laughin,
[Chorus: Xzibit]
I'm gon be here after the smoke die down
Insomnia style, I won't lie down
Fight the good fight, don't need no help
Keep your hands up, defend yo self
Move like I move and live life long
Can't move up if ya heart not strong
Get'cha own shit cuz this shits mine
Every time I spit I shine
[Xzibit]
Cocksucka I preach what I practise, back shit up,
Wrap this rap shit up, still actin up,
Get found in a trunk of an Acura,
Y'all suck like jail and Dracula,
X turn up the heat, increase the hatred,
Straight stone faced don't fuck wit gay shit,
So I guess that means I can't fuck wit you now,
Two down, let off, vacate to new town,
It feel like Bishop and Juice now
Got a flame thrower that'll burn big holes through your goose down,
Rough sound, same strong background,
Been on black, the big boys layin chips down,
My whole train of thought is
to bully any mothafuckea wit problems and not get caught
I was blessed with life but I curse ta death
I'ma spit ta my very last breath - Fuck y'all!
[Chorus]
[Xzibit]
Let me give this a three second look, I hit a million dollar target
You ain't came up yet, well nigga let me show ya,
Come across dope like planes and boats,
Like balloons filled with coke down a Mexican's throat,
You ever seen a man get smoked, they shit on they self,
Their body shake for a second then it gets dissected,
For evidence of the weapon and the people involved
Let one nigga talk, everybody gettin caught fa sho',
I say that to say this (what?),
If you can't handle the time then ride the bitch,
Might as well touch ya tail and jump the fence,
Castrate ya self, expose the bitch,
X go head up, but fuck, never ran from it,
I got a gauge with buck shot that you can't stomach,
You ain't a killa, you a album filla,
You ain't a soldier, you a rap promoter, game over!
[Chorus]

_____
People!! It feels so good to be back!
Ladies and Gentlemen,
introducing the new and improved,
you know who
Verse 1
Never been the type to bend or budge,
the wrong button to push, no friend of Bush
I'm the centerpiece, you're a Maltese.
I'm a pitbull off his leash,
all this peace talk can cease
All these people I had to leave in limbo,
I'm back now, I've come to release this info
I'll be brief and let me just keep shit simple,
Can-a-bitch don't want no beef with Slim? Noooo!
Not even on my radar,
So won't you please jump off my dick,
Lay off and stay off!
And follow me as I put these crayons to chaos,
from seance to seance, aw-a-aw-sh-a-aw
Chorus (X2)
C'mon now,
Let's all get on down,
Let's do-si-do now,
We gon' have a good ol' time
Don't be scared,
Cuz there ain't nothin' to worry 'bout,
Let your hair down,
and square dance with me!
Cause you can't handle the track,
Yeah get on back,
The boogie monster of rap,
Yeah the man's back,
With a plan to ambush this bush administration,
Mush the sentence facing,
Push this generation of kids
To stand and fight for the right
To say something you might not like
This white hot light
That i'm under, no wonder
I look so sunburned
Oh no I won't leave no stone unturned
Oh no I won't leave, won't go nowhere
do-si-do oh-yo-ho hello there
Oh yeah don't think i won't go there
Go to Beirut and do a show there
Yeah you laugh till' yo muthafuckin azz gets drafted
When you're in bandcamp thinking the crap can't happen
Till you fuck around get a anthrax napkin
Inside a package wrapped in saran wrap wrapping
Open the plastic and then you stand back gasping
Fucking assassins are jacking amtracks crashing
All this terror america demands action
Next thing you know you got uncle sam's ass asking
To join the army or what you'll do for the navy
You're just a baby getting recruited at 18
You're on a plane now eating their food and their baked beans
I'm 28 they go' take you fore they take me
Crazy insane or insane crazy
When I say Hussien you say shady
My views ain't changed to lend humane weight
But rained two days late
The date's today hang me
Chorus x2
fuck everybody who likes this song becuz i gotta go wit my girl in
a thong. SUCK IT!
Chorus (X2)
Outro
Dr. Dre, wants to square dance with me
Nasty Nas, wants to square dance with me
X to the Z, wants to square dance with me
Busta Rhymes, wants to square dance with me
Can-a-bitch, won't square dance with me
Fan-a-bitch, won't square dance with me
Canada-bis, don't want no parts of me
Dirty Dozen, wants to square dance with you
Yee-Haw!!!

_____
My tea's gone cold, I'm wonderin why i got out of bed at all.
the morning rain drops on my window and i can't see at all. And
even if i could it'd all be grey. with your picture on my wall.
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad.
My tea's gone cold, I'm wonderin why i got out of bed at all.
the morning rain drops on my window and i can't see at all. And
even if i could it'd all be grey. with your picture on my wall.
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad...
Dear Slim, I wrote you but you still ain't callin'
I left my cell, my pager, and my home phone at the bottom
I sent two letters back in autumn You must not have got them
There probably was a problem at the post office or somethin'
Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot 'em
But anyways, fuck it, what's been up man, how's your daughter?
My girlfriend's pregnant too, I'm 'bout to be a father
If I have a daughter, guess what I'm-a call her? I'ma
name her Bonnie.
I read about your uncle Ronnie too, I'm sorry
I had a friend kill himself over some bitch who didn't want him.
I know you probably hear this everyday, but I'm your biggest fan.
I even got the underground shit that you did with Scam.
I got a room full of your posters and your pictures, man.
I like the shit you did with Ruckus too, that shit was phat.
Anyways, I hope you get this man, hit me back, just to chat
Truly yours, your biggest fan, this is Stan.
My tea's gone cold, I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
the morning rain drops on my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be grey, with your picture on my wall
it reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad
Dear Slim, you still ain't called or wrote,
I hope you have the chance.
I ain't mad, I just think it's fucked up you don't answer fans.
If you didn't want to talk to me outside the concert
you didn't have to, but you could have signed an autograph
for Matthew.
That's my little brother, man. He's only 6 years old.
We waited in the blistering cold for you for 4 hours
and you just said no.
That's pretty shitty man, you're like his fuckin' idol
He wants to be just like you man, he likes you more
than I do.
I ain't that mad, though I just don't like bein' lied to.
Remember when we met in Denver? You said if I write you
You would write back. See, I'm just like you in a way.
I never knew my father neither,
He used to always cheat on my mom and beat her.
I can relate to what you're sayin' in your songs.
So when I have a shitty day, I drift away and put 'em on.
Cause I don't really got shit else, so that shit helps
when I'm depressed.
I even got a tattoo with your name across the chest.
Sometimes I even cut myself to see how much it bleeds.
It's like adrenaline. The Pain is such a sudden rush for me.
See, everything you say is real, and I respect you
'cause you tell it.
My girlfriend's jealous 'cause I talk about you 24/7.
But she don't know you like I know you, Slim, no one does.
She don't know what it was like for people like us growing up.
You've gotta call me man. I'll be the biggest fan
you'll ever lose.
Sincerely yours, Stan. PS: We should be together too.
My tea's gone cold, I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
the morning rain drops on my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be grey, with your picture on my wall
it reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad
Dear Mr.  I'm too good to call or write my fans
This'll be the last package I ever send your ass.
It's been six months and still no word. I don't
deserve it.
I know you got my last two letters, I wrote the
addresses on 'em perfect.
So this is my cassette I'm sending you. I hope you hear it.
I'm in the car right now. I'm doing 90 on the freeway. hey slim i drank
a 5th a vodca dare me to drive? you know that song by phil collins in
the air in the night about that guy who could've saved that other guy
from drowning but didn't and phil saw it all and at his show he found
him thats kinda how this is you could've rescued me from drowning
but its too late i'm on a thousand  gallons now i'm drowsy and all i
wanted was a lousy letter or a call i hope you know i ripped all your
pictures off the wall I loved you Slim, we could have been together.
Think about it.You ruined it now, I hope you can't sleep and you dream about it.
And when you dream, I hope you can't sleep and you scream about it.
I hope your conscious eats at you and you can't breathe without me.
See Slim, {screaming} shut up bitch, I'm trying to talk
Hey Slim, that's my girlfriend screaming in the trunk.
But I didn't slit her throat,
I just tied her up, see I ain't like you.
'Cause if she suffocates, she'll suffer more,
then she'll die too.
Well, gotta go, I'm almost at the bridge now.
Oh shit, I forgot, how am I supposed to send this shit out?
My tears so cold, I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
the morning rain drops on my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be grey, with your picture on my wall
it reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad
Dear Stan, I meant to write you sooner, but I've just been busy.
You said your girlfriend's pregnant now, how far along is she?
Look, I'm really flatterd you'd call your daughter that.
And here's an autograph for your brother: I wrote it
on the Starter cap.
I'm sorry I didn't see you at the show, I must have missed you.
Don't think I did that shit intentionally, just to diss you.
but what's this shit you said about you
like to cut your wrists too?
I say that shit just clownin' dog,
c'mon, how fucked up is she?
You got some issues, Stan, I think you need some counselin'
To help your ass from bouncin' off the
walls when you get down some.
And what's this shit about us meant to be together?
That type of shit'll make me not want us to meet each other.
I really think you and your girlfriend need each other.
Or maybe you just need to treat her better.
I hope you get to read this letter.
I just hope it reaches you in time.
Before you hurt yourself, I think that you'd be doin'
just fine
If you'd relax a little. I'm glad that I inspire you, but Stan
Why are you so mad? Try to understand that I do want
you as a fan.
I just don't want you to do some crazy shit.
I seen this one shit on the news a couple weeks ago
that made me sick.
Some dude was drunk and drove his car over a bridge
And had his girlfriend in the trunk and she was
pregnant with his kid
And in the car they found a tape but it didn't say who
it was to
Come to think about it...his name was...it was you.
Damn.

_____
My tea's gone cold, I'm wonderin why i got out of bed at all.
the morning rain clouds up my window and i can't see at all.
even if i could it'd all be grey. but your picture on my wall.
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad...
My tea's gone cold, I'm wonderin why i got out of bed at all.
the morning rain clouds up my window and i can't see at all.
even if i could it'd all be grey. but your picture on my wall.
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad...
Dear Slim, I wrote you but you still ain't callin'
I left my cell, my pager, and my home phone at the bottom
I sent two letters back in autumn You must not have got them
There probably was a problem at the post office or somethin'
Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot 'em
But anyways, fuck it, what's been up man, how's your daughter?
My girlfriend's pregnant too, I'm 'bout to be a father
If I have a daughter, guess what I'm-a call her? I'ma
name her Bonnie.
I read about your uncle Ronnie too, I'm sorry
I had a friend kill himself over some bitch who didn't want him.
I know you probably hear this everyday, but I'm your biggest fan.
I even got the underground shit that you did with Scam.
I got a room full of your posters and your pictures, man.
I like the shit you did with Ruckus too, that shit was fab.
Anyways, I hope you get this man, hit me back, just to chat
Truly yours, your biggest fan, this is Stan.
My tea's gone cold, I'm wondering why got out of bed at all
the morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
Even if I could it'd all be grey, but your picture on my wall
it reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad
Dear Slim, you still ain't called or wrote,
I hope you have the chance.
I ain't mad, I just think it's fucked up you don't answer fans.
If you don't want to talk to me outside the concert
you didn't have to, but you could have signed an autograph
for Matthew.
That's my little brother, man. He's only 6 years old.
We waited in the blistering cold for you for 4 hours
but you just said no.
That's pretty shitty man, you're like his fuckin' idol
He wants to be just like you man, he likes you more
than I do.
I ain't that mad, though I just don't like bein' lied to.
Remember when we met in Denver? You said if I write you
You would write back. See, I'm just like you in a way.
I never knew my father neither,
He used to always cheat on my mom and beat her.
I can relate to what you're sayin' in your songs.
So when I have a shitty day, I drift away and put 'em on.
Cause I don't really got shit else, so that shit helps
when I'm depressed.
I even got a tattoo with your name across the chest.
Sometimes I even cut myself to see how much it bleeds.
It's like adrenaline. The Pain is such a sudden rush for me.
See, everything you say is real, and I respect you
'cause you tell it.
My girlfriend's jealous 'cause I talk about you 24/7.
But she don't know you like I know you, Slim, no one does.
She don't know what it was like for people like us growing up.
You've gotta call me man. I'll be the biggest fan
you'll ever lose.
Sincerely yours, Stan. PS: We should be together too.
My tea's gone cold, I'm wondering why got out of bed at all
the morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
Even if I could it'd all be grey, but your picture on my wall
it reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad
Dear Mr.  I'm too good to call or write my fans
This'll be the last package I ever send your ass.
It's been six months and still no word. I don't
deserve it.
I know you got my last two letters, I wrote the
addresses on 'em perfect.
So this is my cassette I'm sending you. I hope you hear it.
I'm in the car right now. I'm doing 90 on the freeway.
Hey Slim, I drank a fifth of vodka, dare me to drive?
You know that song by Phil Collins from  The Air In The Night ?
About that guy who could have saved that other guy from drowning?
But didn't? Then Phil saw it all then at his show he found him?
That's kinda how this is. You could have rescued me from drowning.
Now it's too late. I'm on a thousand downers now, I'm drowsy.
And all I wanted was a lousy letter or a call.
I hope you know I ripped all of your pictures off the wall.
I loved you Slim, we could have been together. Think about it.
You ruined it now, I hope you can't sleep and you dream about it.
And when you dream, I hope you can't sleep and you scream about it.
I hope your conscious eats at you and you can't breathe without me.
See Slim, {screaming} shut up bitch, I'm trying to talk
Hey Slim, that's my girlfriend screaming in the trunk.
But I didn't slit her throat,
I just tied her up, see I ain't like you.
'Cause if she suffocates, she'll suffer more,
then she'll die too.
Well, gotta go, I'm almost at the bridge now.
Oh shit, I forgot, how am I supposed to send this shit out?
My tea's gone cold, I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
the morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be grey, but your picture on my wall
it reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad
Dear Stan, I meant to write you sooner, but I've just been busy.
You said your girlfriend's pregnant now, how far along is she?
Look, I'm really glad you're callin your daughter that.
And here's an autograph for your brother: I wrote it
on the Starter cap.
I'm sorry I didn't see you at the show, I must have missed you.
Don't think I did that shit intentionally, just to diss you.
but what's this shit you said about you
like to cut your wrists too?
I say that shit just clownin' dog,
c'mon, how fucked up is you?
You got some issues, Stan, I think you need some counselin'
To help your ass from bouncin' off the
walls when you get down some.
And what's this shit about us meant to be together?
That type of shit'll make me not want us to meet each other.
I really think you and your girlfriend need each other.
Or maybe you just need to treat her better.
I hope you get to read this letter.
I just hope it reaches you in time.
Before you hurt yourself, I think that you'd be doin'
just fine
If you'd relax a little. I'm glad that I inspire you, but Stan
Why are you so mad? Try to understand that I do want
you as a fan.
I just don't want you to do some crazy shit.
I seen this one shit on the news a couple weeks ago
that made me sick.
Some dude was drunk and drove his car over a bridge
And had his girlfriend in the trunk and she was
pregnant with his kid
And in the car they found a tape but it didn't say who
it was to
Come to think about it...his name was...it was you.
Damn...

_____
Chorus It will soon be Christmas Day
Santas loading up the sleigh
He'll come slide right down my chimney
To give some gum an? treats
I love silvers bells, and Santa's elves
It's my favorite holiday
They remind me that it's Christmas time
It's Christmas time?
Dear Santa.
How's it going? Yo it's Stan. What's up?
I wanted to send you my letter earlier
You know, to beat the Christmas rush.
I know we already spoke when I saw you at the mall
But I thought you might forget
So just bring me what I wrote on this list,
And we'll be all set.
First off, I want a Sony Playstation 2
And a bunch of games, I don't care which ones
I'll leave that up to you.
I want that Teenage Dirtbag CD by Weathus
Some hilfiger jeans and a new pair of Adidas.
Bring me a TV and a home computer.
A fat leather jacket and a razor scooter
I don't want no books I don't want no socks
I don't want none of that stuff.
I trust you Santa I know you'll hook a brother up.
Hey and listen: after delivering all those gifts
I think you're ready to party
So instead of cookies and milk
I'ma hook you up with a forty
Well, I know you got a lot to do and a lot to plan
So just beep me if you got any questions.
Yo I'm out. This is Stan.
Chorus
Dear Fat Man.
You didn't bring me nothing I asked you to!
I guess this is all some kind of sick joke to you.
Does messing with me bring you some kind of joy?
I asked you for a Playstation 2
You brang me a gameboy!
And what's up with this chemistry set that wasn't on the list g.
And what in the world makes you think I'd want Britney Spears CD?
I think you've been in the cold to long it must have froze your brain.
I specifically said no socks, I got 14 pairs, are you insane?
And where's my racer scooter, did you leave that on the shelf?
JeezeLouise Santa. Do I have to do everything myself?
You better bring me my stuff by New Year
Or next year I won't leave you none of my daddy's beer.
Do we understand each other Santa?
Good, that's what I thought.
P. S.  Tell Mrs. Claus, I think she hot.
Dear Stan.
Don't threaten me you snot-nosed little punk.
There's a very good reason I left you all that whacked junk.
I make two lists each year to separate everybody
I got one list for the nice and one list for the naughty.
In February this year you stole some cash from your mother
In March you beat the crap out of your poor little brother.
In April you skipped 3 days of school
And in May you started smoking 'cause you thought it was cool.
In June you stole a bicycle with no hesitation.
July and August, hmm? you where ok.
What, you take a vacation?
September my goodness, you made quite an impression.
Burglary, assault, misdemeanor possession.
So you see you little scumbag, there's a reason you got this.
You were at the very top on my naughty boys list.
So complain all you want about your lame Christmas gifts.
You got what you deserved.
P.S. Thanks for the Schlitz.  *burp*

_____
The other day this bitch came up to me
Said her name was Stephanie
She was there with her friends, Vanessa, Kayla, and Katie
They all had long blonde hair
Right down to their butts
With their tits hanging out
I could tell they were sluts
They asked me, "Eminem, can we suck your dick?"
When I said, "Fuck no"
They said, "Fuck you prick!"
You're the lil whore
You mother fucking bitch
Wait hold on a second
While my balls itch.......

_____
Eminem: Heyyy!
Steve: Hey, Em, what's up?
Eminem: Steve Berman. What's goin' on, man, how you doin? Good to see you
again. What's up?
Steve: Em, could you come here and have a seat, please?
Eminem: Umm, yeah, what's...
Steve: Vannessa, shut the door.
Secretary: Okay.
Eminem: So what's up? How's orders looking for the first week?
Steve: It would be better if you gave me nothing at all.
Eminem: Wh-
Steve: This album is less than nothing. I can't sell this fucking record.
Eminem: Wha-
Steve: Do you know what's happening to me out there?
Eminem: Wh-wha-what's the problem?
Steve: Violent Ground told me to go fuck myself!
Eminem: Who's Violent...?
Steve: Tower Records told me to shove this record up my ass! Do you know
what it feels like to be told to have a record shoved up your ass?
Eminem: But, I-
Steve: I'm gonna lose my fuckin' job over this. You know why Dre's record
was so successful? He's rappin' about big-screen tv's, blunts, 40's and
bitches. You're rappin' about homosexuals and Vicadin.
Eminem: I mean-
Steve: I can't sell this shit!
Eminem: What-
Steve: Either change the record or it's not coming out!
Eminem: What, I-
Steve: Now get the fuck out of my office!
Eminem: What am I supposed-
Steve: NOW!
Eminem: Alright man, whatever.

_____
Psst... hey, listen!
Lalalalala! I love my job. Whoo! Makes me feel like Superman!
Can you fly? I can. Wanna see?
[Chorus]
I'm only entertaining you
My goal is to stimulate, making you high
And take you and I
To a place you can't see
But I believe you can fly
I don't mean nobody harm, I'm just partying
I'm not your dad, not your mom, not your guardian
Just a man who's on the mic
So let me entertain you...
[Eminem]
My lyrical content is constantly under fire
No wonder why I constantly bomb back
To combat attacks with constant concepts
When lyrics are constantly took outta context
Failure to communicate with congress has
Been a problem for the longest, I guess
But maybe one day we can make some progress
Food for thought - see how long it takes to digest
Feeling good when I should be ashamed
Sh*t, I really should've fell but I stood
See I came like a flame in the night
Like a ghost in the dark; there's a ray, there's a light
There's a hope, there's a spark
But when planets collide they'll never see eye to eye
Until they decide to set their differences aside
And this is why only one of us will survive
So children follow my lead and feel the vibe, cause
[Chorus]
[Eminem]
My music can be slightly amusing
You shouldn't take lyrics so serious, it might be confusing
Just trying to seperate the truth from entertainment
It's stupid, ain't it? I get sick of trying to explain it
See I could sit and argue with you but it goes beyond
Just being a snot, pointy-nosed bleach-blond
Cause I came here to uplift; let your woes be gone,
Tell 'em to get fu*ked and just mosie on
Constantly moving, constantly using the constitution
As a form of restitution
Bless the children, nothing less than brilliant
Let me entertain you like Robbie Williams
I'll be here when y'all are gone, rebuilding,
World revolving, still evolving, still Slim
How many kids'll copy? Probably millions,
But I'ma do this as a fu*king hobby till then, cause
[Chorus]
[Eminem]
My lyrical content contains subject matter
That sucks up all these fu*ked up young kids
At an alarming rate; common denominate
Add it up and you'll see just why I dominate
I try to stimulate but kids emulate,
And mimmick every move you make - "Slim, you great!"
But wait, can't you see I'm only here to entertain?
I gotta be the one to go against the grain
Cause man, I see it, feel it, live it, but it's inhumane
For me to see you be influenced but pretend you ain't
But they don't understand that I've been through pain
If you get to know me I could be a friend you gain
But you can't just stand there and try to judge
It hurts but you're jealousy probably tears you up inside as much
And it's such a pleasure, every button that I touch
I treasure every glutton that I punish in my lust, but
[Chorus]

_____
(Uhh, hell yea man, hm, oh fuck yeah
When I'm not at home, beating my shit to death
I'm listening to the Madd Rapper's album
This is Ken Kaniff, and I'm still mad as hell...fuck you)
(Eminem)
I'm crazy with this razor with this razor I'm crazy
With this crazor I'm razy, razor crazed I'm crazy!
(Ok I'm Re-Loaded!!) Go Bring Jay-Z!!!
(Tell them him I'ma ghostwrite for him!!) Over Dre's Beats!!!
Ran in the ladies room naked in a blanket
At the banquet and started to spank it (AHHH!!)
Came in the bank with a tank, fired a blank
At the clerk and handcuffed her ankles to the safe and thanked her
But I didn't take nothing (Thanks!)
Every bullet came from the same gun
Just from different angles, cause I was pickin' strange places to aim from
(Mad Rapper: Man, I bet you 50 bucks you won't jump out the window
Shady)
(Crash) (Ahhhh!!) Pay me
(Madd Rapper)
Psych, no way fucked up in the head
Shot my girl and my sister cause I caught them in bed (Wait, wait, wait)
I'm a crazy mothafucka might shoot me a fed
Or I just might start a fist fight instead
See as far as the dough go
I go loco, see me pumpin gas at your local Sunoco
Stuck off the hydro mixed with cocoa
Jump turnstyles, then run from po po
Life stinks, we dont give a fuck son, we crazy
Tear up the clubs and do drugs, we crazy
Fuck wild ho's and bust slugs, we crazy
Madd rapper is crazy, Slim Shady is (CRAZY!!!)
Life stinks, we dont give a fuck son, we crazy
Tear up the clubs and do drugs, we crazy
Fuck wild ho's and bust slugs, we crazy
Madd rapper is crazy, Slim Shady is (CRAZY!!!)
(Madd Rapper)
Yo yo, i wish I'd been aborted
My pockets got a shortage
Everything I wanna floss I can't afford it
I'm tryin to sell a O', my pops tryin' to snort it
My daughter's babysitter is about to be deported
I'm mad cause I still stand in line for clubs
Mad cause my rottweiler still shits on the rugs (God Dammit Spike!!!)
Feeling kinda crazy now, I just might flip out
Slim Shady gave me shrooms and I might trip out, like...
(Eh.... Oh... Dude... That shit's crazy man... oohhhh..... This is incredible... ohhh....)
Fuck that Slim keep that for yourself
You a crazy Withe dude and u need some help, word
(Eminem)
I got a beautiful wife, kids and a gorgeous home
What would make jump in the tub with a cordless phone?
I'm straight viscious I hit you with plates and dishes
Leave you eight stitches, what I'm gay cause I hate bitches?
Slut dont be nice to me, I've had it with girls
And i'll still be mad at the world, even if it apoligized to me (Sorry!)
You're hearing the last thoughts of a man about to blow his fuckin' brains out
Fall back with a blood stained blouse on top of his spouse
Spread out on a blood stained couch 
In front of his kids that he just killed in the same house
I'm sicker than Boy George picturin' Michael Jackson 
In little boys' drawers shoppin' at toy stores **whistling**
Shady said it, Shady meant it, I stay demented
I'll throw a stroller at u, with a baby in it
Go ahead pull the plug, think I won't smack you
I just dropped a fuckin' pill mom, dont vacuum!!!
Life stinks, we dont give a fuck son, we crazy
Tear up the clubs and do drugs, we crazy
Fuck wild ho's and bust slugs, we crazy
Madd rapper is crazy, Slim Shady is (CRAZY!!!)
Life stinks, we dont give a fuck son, we crazy
Tear up the clubs and do drugs, we crazy
Fuck wild ho's and bust slugs, we crazy
Madd rapper is crazy, Slim Shady is (CRAZY!!!)

_____
Everybodys judged by the clothes they wear,
the main nightmare is that people will stop and stare
and the only care that people have in their minds is that
there's all kinds of calvin kleines, and pork rinds who cant
read behind the lines, seems, all the buttons all the dreams
all the people in their teens are to keen on becomin the next
best dressed queen.
The only ingredient that you will ever need
seems to be such a fucked up one indeed
but all it takes is a bunch of fakes
to fuckin make you loose it, booze it 'n' snooze it
all the stupid magazines that you shitz have put to bed
just makes people wanna fuckin improve their crappy street cred.

_____
yo look this is my aint shit
I don't believing in rain shit
but I got my rips cuz this is my first hit
I sore and score the top tens
my multi platinum cd's don't even speaking some spanish
I got my range to be having a change young old to be cold
eating in my lunch time im so big to be grow
im holding my dick sorrry girls I can not him to show
you have one life do not miss to change to blow
my little friends are playing in the snow i just don't do in it
fuck man im so cold shit man im so mad cuz I hate school
I just wan't it never so bad im tired and sick
I wanna lying in my bed but I come late I hate this grade
fired from ooohhh shit why I am so affraid why I just don't doing it
I have to straight to be a slave bitch hold my case
here is your money and now go away i don't wanna fuck
maybe im stuck my crap shit out I don't feeling no rush
ooke here bitch here is my shot and now you dong it
and come back the next week and you swallow it up(come on)

_____
[Eminem]
*talking gibberish*
"translation"
so you can suck my dick if you don't like my shit,
cause i was high when i wrote so suck my dick.
Two pills i pop till' my pupils swell up like two pennies
i'm Clint Eastwood in his mid-twenties
a young ass man with a trash can strapped to the back of his ass
so the rats can't chew trough the last pants
I'm like a mummy at night,fightin' with bright lightnin'
frightened with 5 little white Vicadin Pills bitin' him
i'm like a fuckin' was in the hospital lost
stingin' the fuck outta everything i came across in the halls
i light a candle and place it up on a mantle
grab a knife at the blade and stab you with the fuckin' handle
so when you find yourself wrapped up in the blinds, hurtin'
[Swifty]it's just to late
[Eminem]Cause once you're hung from the drapes,it's curtains
[Swifty McBay]
I'm an instigator, 380 slug pentrator
degrading, creating murders to kill haters
accused for every crime known thru the equator
they knew i did it, for having blood on my gators
my weed 'll hit you're chest like a double barrel gauge
i'm like a black grenade,that 'll blow up in you're face
with a fifth of me, when i guzzle Remi, i do shit on purpose
you never hear me say "forgive me"
i'm snatching every penny
i gotta be that way nigga, face it
that weed i sold to you brigade laced it
you high and i make the president get a facelift
niggas just afraid, handing me their bracelets
chilling in the lab,wasted
i'm the type that 'll drink Kahlua and Gin-throw up on the mic
your life is ruined, you get socked right on site
and even at the Million Man March, we gon' fight
[Eminem]
So you can suck my dick if you don't like my shit,
cause i was high when i wrote this so suck my dick.
Cause i don't give a fuck if you don't like my shit,
cause i was high when i wrote this so suck my dick
[Bizarre]
I'm a compulsive lier, setting my preacher on fire
slash you're tires,flyin' down Fenkel and Meyers
plates expired, soon as i'm hired, i'm fired
jackin' my dick off in the bed of barb wire
(Hey, is Bizarre performing?)
Bitch can't you read the flyer?
special invited guest would be Richard Pryor
(Aren't you a male dancer?)
Nah bitch, i'm retired
fuckin' you're bitch in the ass with a tire iron
i'm ripped, i'm on an acid trip
My Dj's in a coma for lettin' the record skip
lettin' the record skip
lettin' the record skip
(Damn!)
*Dj's schratching*
i'm fuckin' everything when i'm snortin'
it's gonna cost 300 dollars to get my Pit Bull an abortion
some bitch asked for my autograph
i called her a hore, spit beer in her face and laughed
i drop bombs like i was in Vietnam
all bitches ares hoes,even my stinkin' mom
[Kuniva]
Ay-yo flashback,2 seats,2 deep up in that ass crack
weed laced with somethin' , nigga pass that
in Amsterdam we only hang out with that hasj rats
at a 'Stop The Violence' rally i blast gats
be you're momma publishin', get you're ass capped
The Kuniva, divide up you're cash stack
raid you're motherfuckin' pockets,ASAP
i don't need a platinum chain bitch, i snatched Shaq's
born loser, half thief and half black
bring you're boys and you're guns and get laughed at
Bitch smacker, rich rapper and their Jag's jacked
and find chupped up in a trash bag
[Dirty Harry]
Strangling rappers to the point they can't yell
cause their crew is full of fags and sweeter than bake sales
Wreckless, come from behind and snatch you're necklace
gruesome, and causin' more violence than 9 hoodlums
i grapple you're adam's apple until it crackle
run right past you,turn around, grab you and stab you
get executed, cause i'm a loony
i got a yuck mouth and it's polluted
i cock it back and shoot it
i love snatching up players, thugs and young ballas
shoot up the household, even the young toddlers
brigades barricade to bring the noise
while the bullets break up you're bones like Christmas Toys
if a go solo, i'm doing a song with polo
a big chinese nigga, screaming yo,yo!!!
i leave ya face leakin'
run up in church and smack the preacher while he's preachin'
take a swing at the deacon
[The Kon Artis]
I used to tell cats i sold weed and weights
i was straight until i got caught sellin' them shaped
i'm ignorant, with the intent to snatch you're rent
i got kicked out of summer camp for havin' sex in my tent
with the superintendent's daughter, my brain's out of order
i've bin a con artist since i was swimmin' in water
in Cahoots with this nigga called Fall Out Von
who got fired from UPS for tryin' to send you a bomb (special delivery)
i signed to a local label for fun
say i got cancer, get dropped, take the advancement and run
ride by you in the rain while you carry you're son
call you house and hang up on you for not givin' me none
born straight up out a pussy but a son of a gun
got a reputation for havin' niggas run up they funds
used to be the type of nigga that was full of someone's
'Til i met you're fat mama, now i'm rollin in dough
[Eminem]
So you can suck my dick if you don't like my shit,
cause i was high when i wrote this so suck my dick.
Cause i don't giva a fuck if you don't like my shit,
cause i was high when i wrote this so suck my dick.
[Eminem]
Suck my motherfuckin' dick
D-12
Dirty motherfuckin' Dozen
Nasty like a stank slut bitch with 30 fuckin' husbands
Bizarre Kid
Swifty McBay
The Kon Artis
The Kuniva
Dirty Harry
Haha, and Slim Shady

_____
[Dina Rea:]
Mmmhh
[Eminem:]
You high baby
[Dina Rea:]
Yeahh...
[Eminem:]
Yeah
[Dina Rea:]
hahaha..Talk to me...
[Eminem:]
You want me to tell you somethin
[Dina Rea:]
Uh huh...
[Eminem:]
I know what you wanna hear...
'Cuz I know you want me baby I think I want you too...
[Dina Rea:]
I think I love you baby...
[Eminem:]
I think I love you too...
I'm here to save you girl,
Come be in shady's world,
I wanna grow together,
Let's let our love unfurl.
You know you want me baby,
You know I want you too,
They call me Superman,
I'm here to rescue you,
I wanna save you girl,
come be in Shady's world...
[Dina Rea:]
oh boy you drive me crazy...
[Eminem:]
Bitch you make me hurl...
[Eminem:]
They call me Superman,
Leap tall hoes in a single bound,
I'm single now,
Got no ring on this finger now,
I'll never let another chick bring me down,
In a relationship, save it bitch, babysit you make me sick,
Superman aint savin shit, girl you can jump on shady's dick,
Straight from the hip, cut to the chase,
I'll tell a mo'fuckin slut to her face,
Play no games, say no names, ever since I broke up with what's her face,
I'm a different man, kiss my ass, kiss my lips, bitch why ask
Kiss my dick, hit my cash, i'd rather have you whip my ass,
Don't put out i'll put you out,
Won't get out i'll push you out,
Puss blew out, copin shit,
Wouldn't piss on fire to put you out,
Am I too nice buy you ice,
Bitch if you died, wouldn't buy you life,
What you tryin to be, my new wife
What you Mariah fly through twice,
But I do know one thing though,
Bitches they come, they go,
Saturday through sunday monday,
Monday through sunday yo,
Maybe i'll love you one day,
Maybe we'll someday grow,
Till then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin runway hoe...
[Chorus:]
'Cuz I can't be your superman,
Can't be your superman,
Can't be your superman,
Can't be your superman,
I can't be your superman,
Can't be your superman,
Can't be your superman,
Your superman, your superman...
[Eminem:]
Don't get me wrong,
I love these hoes,
It's no secret,
Everybody knows,
Can't we fuck
Bitch so what
That's about as far as your buddy goes,
We'll be friends,
I'll call you again,
I'll chase you around every bar you attend,
Never know what kind of car i'll be in,
[Woman Screaming]
We'll see how much you'll be partying then,
You don't want that,
Neither do I,
I don't wanna flip when I see you with guys,
Too much pride,
Between you and I,
Not a jealous man, but females lie,
But I guess that's just what sluts do,
How could it ever be just us two
Never loved you enough to trust you,
We just met and I just fucked you,
But I do know one thing though,
Bitches they come they go,
Saturday through Sunday monday,
Monday through Sunday yo,
Maybe I'll love you one day,
Maybe we'll someday grow,
'Till then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin runway hoe...
[Eminem  amp; Dina Rae Over Chorus 2x]
[Eminem:]
I know you want me baby,
I think I want you too...
[Dina Rea:]
I think I love you baby...
[Eminem:]
I think I love you too,
I'm here to save you girl,
Come be in shady's world,
I wanna grow together,
Lets let our love unfurl,
You know you want me baby,
You know I want you too,
They call me Superman,
I'm here to rescue you,
I wanna save you girl,
Come be in shady's world...
[Dina Rea:]
Oh boy you drive me crazy...
[Eminem:]
Bitch you make me hurl.
[Eminem:]
First thing you said...
[Eminem As Women:]
I'm not phazed,
I hang around big stars all day,
I don't see what the big deal is anyway,
You're just plain ol' Marshall to me...
[Eminem:]
Ooh yeah girl run that game...
[Eminem As Women:]
Haily Jade...I love that name,
Love that tattoo...what's that say
'rot in pieces' aww that's great...
[Eminem:]
First off you don't know Marshall,
Add also, don't grow partial,
That's ammo for my arsenal,
I'll snap you off that bar stool,
There goes another lawsuit,
Leave handprints all accross you,
Good lordy-wody you must be blown off that water bottle,
You want what you can't have,
Ooh girl that's too damn bad,
Don't touch what you can't grab,
End up with two back hands,
Put Anthrax on a Tampax and slap you till you can't stand,
Girl you just blew your chance,
Don't mean to ruin your plans,
But I do know one thing though,
Bitches they come they go,
Saturday through Sunday Monday,
Monday through Sunday yo,
Maybe I'll love you one day,
Maybe we'll someday grow,
'Till then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin runway hoe...
[Eminem  amp; Dina Rae Over Chorus 2x]
[Eminem:]
I know you want me baby,
I think I want you too...
[Dina Rea:]
I think I love you baby...
[Eminem:]
I think I love you too,
I'm here to save you girl,
Come be in Shady's world,
I wanna grow together,
Lets let our love unfurl,
You know you want me baby,
You know I want you too,
They call me Superman,
I'm here to rescue you,
I wanna save you girl,
Come be in shady's world...
[Dina Rea:]
Oh boy you drive me crazy...
[Eminem:]
Bitch you make me hurl.
[Chorus 2x B/W Dina Rea Singing]

_____
[Girls voice is Dina Rea]
[Intro]
Oooooh
You high baby
Yeah
Ya'
Talk to me
You want me to tell you something
Uh-huh
I know what you want to hear...
[Chorus A]
Cause, I know you want me baby, I think I want you too
"I think I love you baby", I think I love you too
I'm here to save you girl, come be in Shady's world
I want to grow together, let's let our love unfurl
You know you want me baby, you know I want you too
They call me superman, i'm here to rescue you
I want to save you girl, come be in Shady's world
"Ooooh boy you drive me crazy", bitch you make me hurl...
[Verse 1]
They call me superman, leap tall hoes in a single bound
I'm single now, got no ring on this finger now
I'd never let another chick bring me down, in a relationship
Save it bitch, babysit, you make me sick
Superman ain't savin' shit, girl you can jump on Shady's dick
Straight from the hip, cut to the chase, I tell a muthafuckin' slut, to her face
Play no games, say no names, ever since I broke up with what's her face
I'm a different man, kiss my ass, kiss my lips, bitch why ask
Kiss my dick, get my cash, i'd rather have you whip my ass
Don't put out, i'll put you out, won't get out, i'll push you out
Puss blew out, poppin' shit, wouldn't piss on fire to put you out
Am I too nice, buy you ice, bitch if you died, I wouldn't buy you life
What you tryin' to be my new wife, what you Mariah, fly through twice...
[Prechorus]
But I do know one thing though, bitches, they come they go
Saturday through Sunday, Monday, Monday through Sunday yo'
Maybe i'll love you one day, maybe we'll someday grow
Till then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin' runway ho'...
[Chorus B]
Cause I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Your Superman, your Superman...
[Verse 2]
Don't get me wrong, I love these ho's
It's no secret, everybody knows
Yeah we fucked, bitch so what, that's about as far as your buddy goes
We'll be friends, i'll call you again, i'll chase you around every bar you attend
Never know what kind of car i'll be in, we'll see how much you'll be partying then
You don't want that, neither do I, I don't want to flip when I see you with guys
Too much pride, between you and I
Not a jealous man, but females lie
But I guess that's just what sluts do, how could it ever be just us two
I'd never love you enough to trust you, we just met and I just fucked you...
[Prechorus]
[Chorus A / Chorus B]
[Verse 3]
First thing you say, "I'm not fazed, I hang around big stars all day
I don't see what the big deal is anyways
You're just plain old Marshall to me"
Ooh ya' girl run that game
"Hailie Jade, I love that name, love that tatoo, what's that say"
"Rot in pieces, uh, that's great"
First off you don't know Marshall, at all so grow partial
That's ammo for my arsenal, i'll slap you off that barstool
There goes another lawsuit, leave handprints all across you
Good Lordy whoadie, you must be gone off that water bottle
You want what you can't have, ooh girl that's too damn bad
Don't touch what you can't grab, end up with two backhands
Put anthrax on a tampax, and slap you till you can't stand
Girl you just blew your chance, don't mean to ruin your plans...
[Prechorus]
[Chorus A / Chorus B]
[Chorus B x2]

_____
[Chorus: repeat 2X]
Everywhere I'm at everywhere I go, I stay surrounded by hoes
Even when I'm tryin to be on the low, I'm recognized by hoes
Man, its gotta be cause of the dough, its got to be cause of the dough
Cause the game sure wasn't like this before, it wasn't like this before
[Verse One]
50 Cent I'm makin hits now
Don't try an act like you ain't heard I'm the shit now
Some bitches changed, cause they know I'm fittin to blow
You should see how they react when I come through the door
In the club my niggaz, we fittin to ball out
Drink till we fall out
Some shit jump off, nigga we goin all out
Shots big enough to tear the fuckin wall out
I'll have your punk ass on the dance floor tryin to crawl out
I had bad luck, then my luck changed up
You see the Range, you see the rims all blinged up
You ain't hear what I charge for 16, I'm makin a killin
These other rap niggaz just catching feelings
(Chorus)
[Outro]
Haha, yeah
Yeah that's it nigga, what the fuck you thought
I ain't giving niggaz more than 16 for a motherfuckin freestyle
The fuck you want for free man
Ya'll niggaz be wanting a lot for free man
Fuck them other niggaz, other niggaz can't rap
That's why they give you 100 motherfuckin bars for nothing man
You know what I mean
Fuck that shit man, I ain't gonna sit there rappin to you all night
Haha, the fuck man
Hey yo, Sha Money XL, nigga teamwork
We work hard nigga
50 Cent

_____
Kaze ga yoseta kotoba ni
oyoida kokoro
kumo ga hakobu ashita ni
hazunda koe.
Tsuki ga yureru kagami ni
furueta kokoro
hoshi ga nagare koboreta
yawarakai namida.
Suteki da ne
futari te wo tori aruketa nara
ikitai yo
kimi no machi ie ude no naka.
Sono mune
karada azuke
yoi ni magire
yumemiru.
Kaze wa tomari kotoba wa
yasashii maboroshi
kumo wa yabure ashita wa
tooku no koe.
Tsuki ga nijimu kagami wo
nagareta kokoro
hoshi ga yurete koboreta
kakusenai namida.
Suteki da ne
futari te wo tori aruketa nara
ikitai yo
kimi no machi ie ude no naka.
Sono kao
sotto furete
asa ni tokeru
yumemiru.
Suteki da ne
futari te wo tori aruketa nara
ikitai yo
kimi no machi ie ude no naka.
Sono mune
karada azuke
yoi ni magire
yumemiru.

_____
My heart was swimming in dog piss gathered by the wind.
My voice bounced like your mom in a car crash
into a pile of elephant shit.
My lungs fell out, and stained your carpet
in the cracked mirror.(ugly bitch!)
Soft porn star,
killed with a stream of  nipple discharge
Danny hall is a tramp!
If we could wank, nob in hand,
I'd want to go
to your toilet, (your bedroom), in your basement.
I dream of being
against your mom,
my body in your nan
disappearing into you.
Words halted by the sound of breaking wind,
a gentle illusion.
A t-shirt torn by clowns is
the price of a custard pie fight.
My heart that had been in a surgical tray
in a remote part of walsall.
Those stars that hit me repeatedly in the pancreas.
cannot hide my kidney stones.
Isnt it time that you went to bed?
If i could walk,if i had legs
I'd want to go home
to my moms kitchen.
My dream of your grandad
that I softly touch,
farts in the teapot.

_____
Well Jimmy moved in with his mother
Cos he ain't go no place to go
And now i'm right back in the gutter
With a garbage bag that's full of clothes
Cause you live at home in a trailer
What the hell you gonna do (yee-hah!)
Cuz i live at home in a trailer
Mom I'm coming home to you
Well my name is Jimmy
He's name's Greg Buehl
Me and him and you, - we went to the same school
This ain't cool... I'm in a rage
He's tapping my mom and we're almost the same age
On the microphone i drop bombs
Look at this car... 'Thanks a lot, Mom!'
"Here and happy birthday Rabbit! Here's a brand new car, you can have it. A 1928 Delta..."
This shit won't even get me to the shelter
And I can't even stand for mowtown
Cuz i'm back in the 810 now
Cos i live at home in a trailer
Mom i'm coming home to you

_____
Future - Well, Jimmy moved in with his mother
Cause he ain't got no place to go
Jimmy - And now I'm right back in the gutter
With a garbage bag that's full of clothes
Future - Cause, you live at home in a trailer
What the hell you gonna do?
Jimmy - Cause I live at home in a trailer
Mom, I'm commin home to you
Jimmy - Well, my name is Jimmy
His name's Greg Beul
Me him and you
We went to the same school
This aint cool
I'm in a rage
He tappin' my mom, we're almost the same age
On the microphone I drop bombs
Look at this car, THANKS A LOT, MOM!
Here, happy birthday Rabbit,
Here's a brand-new car, you can have it
A 1928 Delta
The shit won't even get me to the shelter
And I can't even stand for MOTOWN
Cause I'm back in the 8-1-0 now
Cause, I live at home in a trailer

_____
Ei buzze, was da hie in televisie, in da programma up brussel vlams,
Ei is da nu junne missie, die propaganda lik up de trams,
Ei met al jen geld, da kan toch niet
Je zied en hoere Ei, ge verkopt u zelven
ge zie nie stoere Ei, ge gaat uzelven bedelven
ge komt al eens niet uit de ghettos of van op de straten
Ei, ge noemt u moaten geen posse moar geweune moaten,
Ei, wien et er daar nog van ghoord,
Ei, dienen buzze is karaktergestoord
Ei, en tegen de dee dat ie kent zegt ie nooit gene yo mo geweune hey
Ei, en t'is niet voor de show,
Ge draagt geweune kleren, en geen uniform,
ge wilt de pose niet leren en ge leeft niet naar de norm
gasten lik hie helpen hiphop naar de kloten, is da nu hardcore,
ei, zien da nu wel stoten
een eigen imago, een eigen gedacht,
ei, de vuf criteria van de hiphop verkracht
ei, maar da kan nie bestaan, ge gedraagt u lik een  vlaming en al eens nie lik nen amerikaan.
Ei ei, tis waar wat da  je zegt,
Ei ei, tis bikans lik echt
Thofvan commerce rockt de natie zonder totetrekkerie
Ei, ei,  ei ei ei
Leverancier, flip kowlier, em is hier , met plezier,
Kamp van dan?? Maak mo plannen, geld verdien ?t zoe nie besannen,
Wuk en toen, oud u mond stommen hond, kben nie blond
Kieke rond, nor hier no boven, no links en rechts en no de grond,
Veel te veel diarree, up teevee, ?k doe nie mee,
Of toch wel als ze bellen, awem merci, awel sante,
Niet te doen, uitverkoop, nieuwe schoenen nie goedkoop,
Flip kowlier is heel veranderd, en e doe mee met den hoop,
Vintje toch wuk goat zin, zuk ne fin nie lik de min,
Laat mo kommen, ?k ben nie dom, lat mie gerust en lat mie zin,
Eigen keuze eigen wet eigen leuze geen belet,
Kom mo binnen, doet uw vest af en makt mo da g'u zere zet,
Woarom niet, doarom niet, ?k maken u nen hiphop beat,
?k make pop en hiphop, deur elkaar, non stop,
liefd'is blind, stevie wonder, goedgezind, ?k kan nie zonder,
mien LP's, mien CD's Flip Kowlier een wereldwonder,
Ei ei, tis waar wat da  je zegt,
Ei ei, tis bikans lik echt
Thofvan commerce rokt de natie zonder totetrekkerie
Ei, ei,  ei ei ei, ei
Ei ei, tis waar wat da  je zegt,
Ei ei, tis bikans lik echt
Thofvan commerce rokt de natie zonder totetrekkerie
Ei, ei,  ei ei ei, ei  ei
Ei ei, ah ??t is were TLP,
Ei ei met al z'n vulle R'n B
Ne ga were ze vullen bek open zetten bij ?t hof van commerce
Da's toch den deenen van diene groep van vroeger RCC,
En nu peist ie dat ie nen dj is met zinen soundsystem T'nD
Houd uw vrouwen moa vaste, verbergt uw flessen bacardi
Met die gast moe je niets beginnen,  ?t is altijd pure miserie,
E j'em al e keer horen klappen, ne peist dat ie amerikaan is
of dat ie ne jamaicaan is. ?k peis dat me hem al gauwe gedaan is
Mo bejoat, bende sukkels vul met pukkels en puisten, Ge moet e keer goe lustern,
?k goat voe heel ?t kot roepen, En nie gelik gulder, achter iedereen ze rugge flusteren,
kom moar e keer tegen min klappen, as j'evenveel uptredens gedoan et,
as j'evenveels parties gerockt et, as j'evenveel pornofilms gemaakt et,
Ga j? gulder mie vertellen hoe dat ?t met den echten hiphop zit?
Bluf moar up ulder forum, met uldern internet,
Hiphop? Ik ben nie elitair, ik ben gene backpack snob,
Ik ben james, george, ole dirty, bambaata en bob,
Ik ben de kerel die alle nightlife records klopt,
15 jaar in de hiphop en nog altijd aan de top,
lik de pioneers luster ?k ik naar alle soorten muziek,
en moest je ?t nog nie weten, ik ben de grootste sexfreak,
Moe je nog ne rapken en, geef geweune ?n keer nen bic,
Of geweune ?n micro ?t is tied voor een freakshow.
Doe'dn kee r nie zo stief, komt ut die'n igloo
Rol ?d u ne wiet, dienen beat is biekans te slow,
?k ga u doen zweten, gelik de pikantste chorizo,
?k steek mijn marshmellow boxershort af en ?k beginne te blaffen,
Ge peist toch niet da je goat maffen,
All night long, gelik lionel, toond moar uw charetellen, klets up uw billen,
?k steke ne vinger in uw gat, fuck diene pussy is hier weer veel te nat,
ei ei, ?t is moar da je ?t weet,
ei ei, g'hebt een lekkere spleet,
ei ei, ge kunt me geweunweg niet vergeten
ei ei , ?k en t'hart in je tepels gebeten,
ei ei, ge ziet geweun bezeten,
Meiske toch, stopt een keer met lekken
?k kriegen geen genoeg van uw bekken
w'en veel te vele gepoept,
moa kom te toch moar nog ne keer aftrekken,
jenna, brianna,
TLP toch, ge zijd weer veel te verre an't goan,
Laat mie geweun begoan, blijf moar stoan,
Met uw handen tegen de muur, gat in de lucht,
Da condoom goat bijna scheuren,
Hoe lang goat dat hier nog deuren
Et er misschien iemand te veel dope gepakt?
Up't gemak, voor dat we eighties hits gaan beginnen zingen
Voor dat we de laatste druppels ut de flesse wringen,
Voor dat we alle drugs in een cocktail vermengen,
Zie je d'r gereed voor meiske
Ga je mee op stap met de pornoking?
Ei ei doe geweun uw ding.

_____
In your garden
I try to fall asleep
Sister Mary
Walking on the wall
Sister Mary
Heading for a fall
Sister Mary
Waiting for a call
Sister Mary
Pride before a fall
So many moments
All I really neede was the one
So many moments
I have been mistreated
Playings done
Pretty soon I'm gonna run
Sister Mary
Walking on the grass
Sister Mary
Breathing on the glass
Sister Mary
Looking at the past
Sister Mary
You've got peace at last
So many moments
All I really neede was the one
So many moments
I have been mistreated
Playings done
Pretty soon I'm gonna run
Take it or leave it
'cause I don't care
you better believe it
I'm down there
Take it or leave it
I'm down there
Take it or leave it
'cause I don't care
I come out of the blue
Bringing dark days for you
In your garden
I try to stay awake

_____
-RZA intro from  Airwaves -
[King Tech]
One two, one two
We dedicate this one to the hip-hop culture y'all
Brought to you by the WOOOORRRLLLD FAMOUS Wake-Up Show!
[RZA]
Bobby Steels, Staple' tails, MC's get your lips stapled
Project Killa Hill is stamped on the map like the compass
Sacred sword play tongue-twist, piercin holes in you
You can't escape, 70,000 kilowatts blast through your box
Woke wit alarm clocks, cars drivin slow down the block
One stopped, parks pops his trunk
Snare pops loud as glock shots
Bass like an M-80 in your face, cops stop, give us citation
We pause for radio station identification
WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP!
[Tech N9NE]
When I Woke-Up, I got the mic and never chocked up
Busted a verse and all the G's in Cali loc'ed up when I was summoned
Styles were mixed like the Drummonds, Killer Clown is comin
Look around, your town is crumblin
This Big Tech from the midwest, leavin MC's lipless
On The Wake-Up Show, make up no, stories about my shake-up flow
Put me off in a cipher? Potna, you can't fuck wit the sniper
Your flow's premature, clean your dirt diaper
Mic heister, psycho, alpha-schizo
Hypno, chryo-gat flow, guru and ain't nobody tighter
Sway   Tech heard me flow and its sealed
Now I got Swedish women yelling  Tech N9NE's filled
[Eminem]
This place is my house, I might as well erase my face wit Withe-out
Cuz y'all can't see me like Mase's eyebrows (where you at?)
Climped out of a nice house, 
Through the front window and heard this guy shout
Hey that's my couch, bitch!
Pull a nine out during a rhyme bout
While I'm rippin this shit, put a clip in it spit five rounds
And murder you hoes worse than flippin a convertible
Nose first wit the top off landin upside-down
You're tied down and duct-taped, fuck rape
I'd rather just hump a slut's leg wit my nuts shaved
And Sway   Tech, two disk jokeys 
Breakin so many friggin needles I wonder if they inject
[Xzibit]
Lo and behold, better than platinum or gold
Yes God bless success, never forsake your soul
Xzibit take control, locked loaded and ready to roll
Play the upper hand, a man that's never gon' fold
Cuz your tape sucks, find a new hobby that you can take up
Or listen to my niggas Tech   Sway so you can Wake-Up
The X-man, catch me doin drills in the Danger Room
Big game hunting, from high-noon to the full moon
[Pharoahe Monch]
Wit synonyms, I get an adrenaline rush
From minimum thrusts, bust multiple assualts in small interims
As horrid as Borris Kolaf was
When I cut your neck, leave a little piece of flesh
So the head won't fall off, hauled-off
Sawed-off shotgun blast, he asked
Why did he have to die like cast metal?
O, huh, C now like Omar Credle
We pone pedal at a high resolution 
On the Wake-Up Show wit Sway, Tech and DJ Revolution
[Kool G Rap]
I sway the tech wit the Tech and Sway
Step away, wet and spray, rep the day
Who over debt to pay get swept away
Across the whole board like checker play
When I blaze your whole sect' arrays
Wake-Up Show for those slept away
Niggas that the trey, hit the deck and pray
DJ Revolution, spinnin like lead from out the heck-AK
Tearin your neck away, flood up the street wit bloody decora'
Until the head of jake investigate
[Jayo Felony]
What? Sway can give it to you, but Whatcha Gon' Do wit it
Tech can give it to you, but Whatcha Gon' Do?
Rev can give it to you, but Whatcha Gon' Do wit it
I can give it to you, Wha Wha Wha What What!
[Chino XL]
Yo yo Chino makes the world go 'round
Fuckin up entire record companies like Harrel did to Motown
Vominous talk, poison pen, hominous walk
What flow will I destroy wit this time, the most commonest thought
The drama that's brought, caught us in a midst of sibling rivalry
For instance, there's nothing in existence that can survive wit me
Clone me like sheep, I clean house like Tony Rand-all
Wit style filed for sexual harrassment like Tisha Camp-bell
You're wack like Will Smith, your rhyme style is pansy
I fuckin murder your young style like JonBenet Ramsey
Now who the master to beg? Your demo gets passed on the reg'
You shouldn't have been signed if you had a Withe cast on your leg
I'm Wake-Up Show reppin wit Sway   Tech
My tec's like Tekken, the industry weapon
I'm Chino X, bring KRS in
[KRS-One]
De de de de de de da di day, KRS-One comin wit the Tech   Sway
Yo, I rock up the littlest set, and on the biggest set
As ill as it gets I still manage to wiggle your neck wit sweat
Never forget, the bigger the budget the bigger the debt
You gotta be willin to rock in the middle of dry and in the middle of wet
But I'm willin to bet, on a Sway   a Tech
They stay in effect, never been a pain in the neck, they gainin respect
Nevertheless I WRECK YOU, now you know what Sway   Tech do
I'll be back but for now just sackle!
FRESH, FOR NINETY-NINE YOU SUCKAS!!!

_____
Okay folks
Enough with the gay jokes
Especially from a gay broke bitch
Hey lope
This guy is doo doo
He worked here longer then me and i get paid more the you do
Dawg take a seat
What's this guy standing in line for?
He ain't got money to eat
Check this out yo yo
This guy cashed his whole check
And bought one ho-ho
Fuckin' homo
little maget
Paul's gay
Your a faggot
at least he admits it
Don't even risk it
This guy's starving to death
Someone get him a biscuit
I don't know what they told you...Mike
You must have those corn-rows rolled too tight
This job you want to quit
but you can't
You work at this plant so long your a plant
Look at your god damn boots
For christ sake
They're starting to grow roots
When this mic can be faded
You look like a pissed off rapper who never made it
And why you fucking with the gay guy G?
When your the one with HIV
Man I'm done fuck it
Here I'll let home girl finish you off

_____
(Chorus)
If I cant shoot you,
ima have to kill u by spittin,
battlin mothafuckers my ruckus aint written,
when my bullets miss,
my words keep hittin,
if u like pain,
then that's wut u getting,
We up on the stage u getting all nervous,
ima get rid of you,
now how u like my service,
u see me up here,
devil without a purpose,
please step back,
and watch me as I work this,
if I had a rating,
my style would be perfect,
cuz in the rap game,
everything is worth it,
wherever u go, u have to cause a scene,
ur dirty, u should try the washing machine,
all ur clothes are all stained up full of cum,
that's why u should wash them,
man ur so dumb, man ur so stoopid,
brain fulla looped-shit,
u think ur all romantic, u think ur cupid,
u think ur hot, u think ur cute shit,
but the thing is, ur just a new kid,
I got 130 seconds to spit at ur face,
not too fast though, I gotta keep a steady pace,
ill smack ur face way back to last place,
u better try hard, this'll be ur last race,
the last guy, shit man I licked him,
u better watch out, ur my next victim,
(Chorus)
If I cant shoot you,
ima have to kill u by spittin,
battlin mothafuckers my ruckus aint written,
when my bullets miss,
my words keep hittin,
if u like pain,
then that's wut u getting,
If I cant shoot you,
ima have to kill u by spittin,
battlin mothafuckers my ruckus aint written,
when my bullets miss,
my words keep hittin,
if u like pain,
then that's wut u getting,
im awesome, I rap with adrenaline,
I don't care about this bitch, yeah im killin him,
he cant rap worth shit,
theres no will in him,
hes eating my words, hope its fillin him,
now listen to wut
I instill in him,
fear,
I switch gears
so fast its killin him (record scratches)
im awesome, good on all cylinders,
don't matter if its a bitch, im still killin her,
this bitch cant rap at all, there's no will in her,
shes eating my words, hope its fillin her,
now listen to
wut,
I instill in her,
fear,
I switch gears so fast,
its killin her,
u so skinny,
u can hide behind a flagpole,
ur so fat,
u could probably eat a fag, whole,
u walk around, with ur pants sagged low,
ur lifes over, time to put it in the bag bro,
when its ur turn I know ur gonna freeze,
all of a sudden, it's a hundred degrees,
theres been a forest of chokers, u'll just add to the trees,
feel so bad u'll wish u were overseas,
wheres southwest when u really need it,
I come wit a warning label, bitch cant u read it,
u'll wanna stand up, ill keep you seated,
don't understand? Want me to repeat it,
u cant touch me, im too hot to handle,
u see that, I burned u like a candle,
the words gonna spread fast like the Monica Lewinsky scandal,
any word I say, it's the work of a vandal,
man Randle listen to wut I say,
u panhandle and ur gay, its ok,
urs shits so gray,
ur words r dead,
maybe itd be better if u'd just shoot urself in the head,
fill ur brain with lead,
but don't say I led ur brain to it,
tell em u finally thought ?im insane, screw it,?
tell em before u did it everybody already knew it
would happen,
so dude just stop rappin,
when ur on the mic, everybody's laughin,
and by the time ur off, everybody's nappin,
and when im on, everybody's clappin,
this shits almost done, I just gotta cap it,
this battles a tall fence, u cant hop it,
my raps off the wall, u cant top it,
so good bye nice try, im outta time,
I left u behind with a whole mountain to climb
(Chorus)
If I cant shoot you,
ima have to kill u by spittin,
battlin mothafuckers my ruckus aint written,
when my bullets miss,
my words keep hittin,
if u like pain,
then that's wut u getting,
If I cant shoot you,
ima have to kill u by spittin,
battlin mothafuckers my ruckus aint written,
when my bullets miss,
my words keep hittin,
if u like pain,
then that's wut u getting,
Wit one rhyme I terrorize a mind,
get rid of their ego and carry out a crime,
wit one line I lead one to demise,
bury their lives,
and watch them, as they internally cry,
externally die,
leave them eternally scarred, eternally marred,
and after its all over, I send them a card,
as soon as im up on the stage im fulla rage,
like a tiger in his cage,
ready to engage,
in a fight, ready to bite,
ready to turn a page,
and ready to do it every night,
ready to burn his rage, im ready,
just gimme the mic,
and watch me strike,
my words are like magic,
some endings are tragic,
they remember me for years,
my lines are classic,
u don't wanna battle me,
ur shakin,
so go home and bake urself some bacon,
I got three breasts under my chest,
but I don't understand why im under arrest,
im on a quest, to destroy everything in my way,
and if ur with me, than lemme hear u say...
(Chorus)
If I cant shoot you,
ima have to kill u by spittin,
battlin mothafuckers my ruckus aint written,
when my bullets miss,
my words keep hittin,
if u like pain,
then that's wut u getting,
If I cant shoot you,
ima have to kill u by spittin,
battlin mothafuckers my ruckus aint written,
when my bullets miss,
my words keep hittin,
if u like pain,
then that's wut u getting,
(repeats to end)

_____
I wasn't born here but I was
born to be here
In between the village and the
Palace Pier
Love those characters, they're
so hard to believe
There's pretty Dick in his leather
skirt with ten Pekinese
The Brighton lights they make me feel so free
I'm driving down the London Road
To where I want to be (in Party Town)
Nothing here is quite like what it seems
Two hundred thousand people but
a million dreams
The barman's not a barman,
he thinks he's Keats
And I'm the greatest songwriter
you'll ever meet
The Brighton lights they make me
feel so free
I'm driving down the London Road
To where I want to be (in Party Town)
Clubbers club round doorways hit
by strobes
Diners dine in heaven under big fat
neon globes
Gaudy bulbs on the pier, then grand chandeliers
Others sleep in doorways,
wrapped round candles and tears
Chasing love in Peter Pan
land by the sea
Hove ladies call it a dirty den of
iniquity (I agree)
Wedding cake mansions host parties
that last all night
But just like me they'll crack and peel
in the cruel daylight
The Brighton lights they make me feel so free
I'm driving down the London Road
To where I want to be (in Party Town)

_____
Artist: Eminem
Song: The Conspiracy
Album: The Conspiracy Theory Mixtape
Green Lantern
Okay (Yeah)
It's about that time again (Haha)
Eminem
Green Latern (That's Right)
G-G-G-G-G Uni-(burp)
50 Cent
Hahaha...Shady
Eminem
We Back (Invasion) Part II
Green Lantern
The Conspricacy
Eminem
Cause we ain't going no never stop, you just keep wasting your energy
On us, you should find something to do with your time (time)
and quit fucking with us cause we ain't fucking with you
and E must be fucking with you so much you must be gone out your mind
They say I'm day away from my entire empire crumbling
speak up your mumbling, what the fuck-a yousa bibi-bay okay big-bi-bi-baby
this is Shady I know you was bi-bi-hoping we be-be-would just go away
but weeble mable weeble wobble but we don't fall down like
Jam Master Jay's two turn table, our lable is just too stable
you're magazine so motherfucking thin you using staples
to hold it together it's turning back into a news paper
and yall got something for my ass every issue
thank you, cause I keep running out of fucking tissues
and I could diss you but god I was sick of looking at you
at least now I can see when Nike's got a new ten-nis shoe
but-but I guess no good news is always good good news
moving on to bigger and better things (chicka chicka jeera)
50's blowing up, this year just keeps going up
what the fuck is going on? who the fuck is Norah Jones?
Shady wait a minute, baby, leave the whore alone
Just go up there and be humble and take them awards home
Bush has declared the world a fucking war zone
meanwhile we got a war going on of our own at home
my minds fucking blown, trying to figure out how to fight my own clone
rhine stones are so nice, they shine so bright especially at night
after a hit of ecstacy ain't that right?
woahehhh wait a minute I'm rambling, back to the matter at hand
it's Green Latern with Elvis Presley the selfish MC
back to the ruin rap and destroy the industry
single handedly and oh man did we, yeah me and 50
Obie, me and D Tweezy
and Nelly and Missy and Jigga god damn it's all a plan divised by the man
It's a conspriracy...against fake shit, and anybody who can't make hits
or ain't dope lyrically, so fuck what you hear and what you read about
we ain't ruining rap baby we're just trying to weed it out
Shady in the place to be see, and I got what it takes to rock the mic, aiight!
still keep talking shit to me punk, cause your magazines over in less than 6 months!
haha...Shady Records, still Aftermath
and don't think we can hear you motherfuckers talking, cause we can't
we don't hear yall
so we just gonna sit back for the rest of our lives while you ride our dicks

_____
Cheddar,
I could rip you to a shred of cheddar cheese.
Theres not a better mc then me.
Im B-Rabbit bitch.
Sting like a bee.
Float like a butterfly,
wut am I?
So wut if I, cut a guy?
Did I s-s-studder guy?
Leave you punch drunk
from lunch truck to shelter.
You never felt the wrath of helter-skelter melt ya.
Got the belt the welter weight champ.
You got in with a fake stamp.
Garbage bag full of clothes still pullin hos.
Rip you from head to toe, leg to bullet hole.
Next gun pull it slow,
and aim for the freeworld before you let it go.
Instead of, oh I just shot my dick  head
and yes you do got a big head.
I cant call it. Cheddar wheres your wallet?
your so drunk you can out drink the alcoholics.
Make em say dam cheddars the man ...
he needs a can surgically removed from his hand

_____
Whatever..
Dre, just cum and bum Aiyyo ram it up a little bit Aiyyo..
this song is for the gay one.. fuck it Just shut up and listen,
aiyyo..
I sit back with this pack of dur-ex,
and this bag of these balls,
it gives me the shit needed to be the most gayest MC,
on this...on this Earth,
And since birth I've been cursed with this curse to just blert,
And just blurt up this ass and bizarrea ass at work,
And it sells and it helps in itself to relieve all this tension,
dispensin this constapation,
Gettin this stress that's been me eatin recently and gettin hairs on my chest,
and I rest again peacefully (peacefully)..
but at least I have the decency when Im in you to be good to ur hole,
when you freaks see me up in this hole,
when I'm eatin out or bonin your daughter to not come and speak to me (speak to
me)..
I don't know you and no,
I don't ho you are a mo-therfuck-in ugly thing I listen to N'Sync,
I am what your friends think I bum Mr. Friendly,
with my big dick after u bum me my tank is on empty (is on empty)..
No cum is in me and if you dont pleasure me I'm penetrating with my 10 feet
(with my 10 feet)..
in the air I don't care who is there and who saw me just bum you
Go call you a hooker,
file you a blow job I'll smile in the whorehouse and buy you a lap dance I'm
tired of all you (of all you)..
I don't mean to be mean but that's all I can be is just me
Chorus
And I am, however gay u say I am If I wasn't,
then why would I bum this man?
In the paper, the news everyday I am Porno channels wont even show my nan Cause
I am, however gay I am If I wasn't,
then why would I say I am? In the paper, the news everyday I am
I don't know it's just the gay I am
Sometimes I wanna feel my birds father,
I hate to feel bothered with all of this nonsense it's constant
And, "Oh, it's his lyrical content thats all the songs with 'Elton' has gotten
such rotten responses"
And this penis circles me and it seems like the media immediately sticks a
finger up me (finger up me)..
So I point one back up 'em, but not the index or pinkie or the ring or the
thumb,
it's the one you put up when you just wanna fuck,
when you won't just give up till this guy just screams stop,
cause they full of cum too
When a dude's gettin bummed and screams in his school
And they blame it on Marilyn (on Marilyn).. and the heroin Where were the
parents at?
And look where it's at
Straight America, now it's a tragedy
Now it's so sad to see, an upper ass i-t-y havin this happenin (this
happenin)..
then attack Eminem cause I cock slap this gay (cock slap this gay)..
But I'm glad cause they bum me an feed me the fuel that I need is just fired to
burn and it's burnin and I have returned
Chorus
I'm so stiff and hard off bein admired that I wish that I would just fly or get
fired in
and get cock dropped from my table and stop with the shavin'
I'm not gonna be able to top  'Elton's gayness'
And bum-holed into sensation by a cockney sensation at rock'n'roll stations And
I just do not got the patience (got the patience)..
to deal with these cockney caucasians who think
I'm some queer who just tries to hump blacks cause I talk with an accent, and
grab on their balls, so they always keep askin the same fuckin questions
(fuckin questions)..
are you some kind of queer?, what kinda queer you be up in?
The why, the up what when, the where, and the how
'til I'm grabbin my pubes and I'm tearin them out cause they ridin' me crazy
(ridin me crazy)..
I can take it I'm racin, I'm pacin, I stand and then shit And I'm thankful for
ev-ery man that I get
But I can't take a tug, in the bathroom without someone trying to suck it No I
won't bone ur ass You can cum up my asshole, I'm glad
Chrous

_____
[Mr. Mackey] (Eric Cartman)
And everyone should get along..
Okay children quiet down, quiet down
Children I'd like to introduce our new substitute teacher for the day
His name is Mr. Shady
Children quiet down please
Brian don't throw that (SHUT UP!)
Mr. Shady will be your new substitute
while Mr. Kaniff is out with pneumonia (HE'S GOT AIDS!)
Good luck Mr. Shady
[Eminem]
Hi there little boys and girls (FUCK YOU!)
Today we're gonna to learn how to poison squirrels
But first, I'd like you to meet my friend Bob (Huh?)
Say hi Bob! ( Hi Bob ) Bob's 30 and still lives with his mom
and he don't got a job, cause Bob sits at home and smokes pot
but his twelve-year old brother looks up to him an awful lot
And Bob likes to hang out at the local waffle spot
and wait in the parkin lot for waitresses off the clock
when it's late and the lot gets dark and fake like he walks his dog
Drag 'em in the woods and go straight to the chopping blocks (AHH!)
And even if they escaped and they got the cops
the ladies would all be so afraid, they would drop the charge
'til one night Mrs. Stacey went off the job
when she felt someone grab her whole face and said not to talk
But Stacey knew it was Bob and said knock it off
But Bob wouldn't knock it off cause he's crazy and off his rocker
Crazier than Slim Shady is off the vodka
You couldn't even take him to Dre's to get Bob a  Dr.
He grabbed Stace' by the legs as chopped it off her
and dropped her off in the lake for the cops to find her
But ever since the day Stacey went off to wander
they never found her, and Bob still hangs at the waffle diner
And that's the story of Bob and his marijuana,
and what it might do to you
So see if the squirrels want any - it's bad for you
[Chorus: Mr. Mackey (Eminem)]
See children, drugs are bahhhd (c'mon)
and if you don't believe me, ask ya dahhhd (ask him man)
and if you don't believe him, ask ya mom (that's right)
She'll tell you how she does 'em all the time (she will)
So kids say no to drugs (that's right)
So you don't act like everyone else does (uh-huh)
Then there's really nothin else to say (sing along)
Drugs are just bad, mmm'kay?
[Eminem]
My penis is the size of a peanut, have you seen it?
FUCK NO you ain't seen it, it's the size of a peanut (Huh?)
Speakin of peanuts, you know what else is bad for squirrels?
Ecstasy is the worst drug in the world
If someone ever offers it to you, don't do it
Kids two hits'll probably drain all your spinal fluid
and spinal fluid is vital, you won't get it back
So don't get attached, it'll attack every bone in your back
Meet Zach, twenty-one years old
After hangin out with some friends at a frat party, he gets bold
and decides to try five, when he's bribed by five guys
and peer pressure will win every time you try to fight it
Suddenly, he starts to convulse and his pulse goes into hyperdrive
and his eyes roll back in his skull {*blblblblblb*}
His back starts tah - look like the McDonald's Arches
He's on Donald's carpet, layin horizontal barfin {*BLEH*}
And everyone in the apartment starts laughin at him
Hey Adam, Zach is a jackass, look at him!
cause they took it too, so they think it's funny
So they're laughing at basically nothing except maybe wasting his money
Meanwhile, Zach's in a coma, the action is over
and his back and his shoulders hunched up like he's practicin yoga
And that's the story of Zach, the ecstasy maniac
So don't even feed that to squirrels class, cause it's bad for you
[Chorus: Mr. Mackey (Eminem)]
See children, drugs are bahhhd (that's right)
and if you don't believe me, ask ya dahhhd (that's right)
and if you don't believe him, ask ya mom (you can)
She'll tell you how she does 'em all the time (she will)
So kids say no to drugs (smoke crack)
So you don't act like everyone else does (that's right)
And there's really nothin else to say (but umm)
Drugs are just bad, mmm'kay?
[Eminem]
And last but not least, one of the most humungous
problems among young people today, is fungus
It grows from cow manure, they pick it out, wipe it off,
bag it up, and you put it right in your mouth and chew it
Yum yum! Then you start to see some dumb stuff
And everything slows down when you eat some of 'em..
And sometimes you see things that aren't there (Like what?)
Like fat woman in G-strings with orange hair
(Mr. Shady what's a G-string?) It's yarn Claire
Women stick 'em up their behinds, go out and wear 'em (Huh?)
And if you swallow too much of the magic mushrooms
Whoops, did I say magic mushrooms? I meant fungus
Ya tongue gets, all swoll up like a cow's tongue (How come?)
cause it comes from a cow's dung (Gross!!)
See drugs are bad, it's a common fact
But your mom and dad, know that's all that I'm good at (Oh!)
But don't be me, cause if you grow up and you go and O.D.
They're gonna come for me and I'ma have to grow a goatee
and get a disguise and hide, cause it'll be my fault
So don't do drugs, and do exactly as I don't,
cause I'm bad for you
[Chorus: Mr. Mackey (Eminem)]
See children, drugs are bahhhd (uh-huh)
and if you don't believe me, ask ya dahhhd (put that down)
and if you don't believe him, ask ya mom (you can ask)
She'll tell you how she does 'em all the time (and she will)
So kids say no to drugs (say no)
So you don't act like everyone else does (like I do)
And there's really nothin else to say (that's right)
Drugs are just bad, mmm'kay?
[Mr. Mackey] (Eric Cartman)
Come on children, clap along (SHUT UP!)
Sing along children (Suck my motherfuckin dick!)
Drugs are just bad, drugs are just bad (South Park is gonna sue me!)
So don't do drugs (Kiss my motherfuckin ass!)
so there'll be more for me (Hippie! God damnit!)
(Mushrooms killed Kenny! *fart* Ewww, ahhh!)
(So, fucked up, right now..)

_____
[Eminem] I'm gonna kill this bitch. I'm gonna kill her. I'm going to fuckin' jail, cause i'm gonna kill this bitch.
[Gary] Yo' man, I don't know.
[Eminem] What?
[Gary] I got a really, really bad feelin' about this.
[Eminem] Man, will you shut the fuck up Gary. You've always got a bad feeling man. That's her car right there. Just park.
[Gary] Allright, just let me park. I'm parking!
[Eminem] Fuckin', turn the car off dog.
[Gary] Alright.
[Eminem] Alright, we wait.
[Gary] We wait for what?
[Eminem] We wait until she comes out. Man, i'm gonna fuckin' kill her.
[Gary] Man, you ain't gonna kill nobody.
[Eminem] Man, just shut the fuck up dog.
[Gary] What the fuck did you bring that for?
[Eminem] Just shut up, fuckin' clip is empty.
[Gary] Don't point that shit at me!
[Eminem] It's not even loaded bitch, look!
[Gary] Dude! God I fuckin' hate when you do that shit.
[Eminem] Ha ha, ya but it's funny as fuck.
[Gary] You're gonna fuck around and kill me one of these days, I swear.
[Eminem] It get's you every time. Is that her?
[Gary] Where?
[Eminem] Right there motherfucker.
[Gary] Yeah, fuck.
[Eminem] Alright, get up, get up.
[Gary] Here we go again.
[Eminem] Get down!
[Gary] What the fuck do you want me to do get under the car?
[Eminem] Yo', who's she walkin' with?
[Gary] How the fuck am I supposed to know? You told me to duck down.
[Eminem] It's the fucking bouncer. Did she just kiss him?
[Gary] I don't think so.
[Eminem] Dog, she just fuckin' kissed him.
[Gary] No, she didn't!
[Eminem] She's kissing him dog!
[Gary] No she's not...oh shit.
[Eminem] C'mon, motherfucker!
[Gary] MAARRSSHH!!!

_____
Artist: the high & mighty f/ eminem
Intro: scratches by dj mighty mi
"shady! that's me!" -> eminem
"high and mighty trilogy" -> mr. eon
"back with the flyest material" -> erick sermon
"shady... sh... shady!" -> eminem
"that that... that's me!" -> eminem
"high.. high and.. mighty trilogy" -> mr. eon
"back with the..." -> erick sermon
"funky... beats"
[mr. eon]
Packin this third eye, pursue a cyclops
They trade in they high tops for nice sized white rocks
(excuse me) words in my right, that pass my left ear
Your style is ass-out like the bulls are next year (you're gone)
Fear this veneer, you get stung like virgins
Who that cat splurgin instead of rehearsin?
Tough guys, degentrify your high rise
Lookin more like ronald than them fuckin fry guys
Go on uptown fuckin senoritas
In taco bell screamin, "viva gorditas!"
Bring all your dogs - I give em rabies
They never had a chance like my two aborted babies (waaah!)
Got pope john paul the 2nd, prayin to satan
Have your vegan girlfriend cookin up bacon
On barbituates with that shit that you hit
Smoke my spliffs withcha, cause spinal bifida
[eminem]
My nine is liftin ya, six feet when I spray rounds
Hit you with 12 shots in mid-air and four more on the way down
As eight strays graze through a kid's hair on the playground
You lay down on a stretcher (don't get carried away now!)
No pun intended, just hop out of your whip
And leave it un-attended before I whip out this gun and end it
Unless you want it dented with bullet holes any minute
Cause I can leave your infinite full of those even if someone's in it
Snatch the airbag, hit the corner and park it
Corner the market, I got her tied up in a chair and gagged
Bitches get smacked and grabbed by the hair and dragged
Like cavewomen, while I'm gravediggin with marilyn man?
Chorus: mr. eon, eminem
If you got a bowl of hash better cash it
You got a satchel, flash it, i'ma take your last hit
And if you spittin wack shit on the microphone
I'ma snatch it outta your hand so fast i'ma detach it
So if you got a bowl of hash, you better cash it
You got a satchel, flash it, i'ma take your last hit
I'm flabbergasted off two tabs of acid
Threw my baby's mother in the hatchback and latched it
[mr. eon]
Yo yo, "eon's wack now," how you think that?
Couldn't get on my record if you were shrink rap (can I get a rhyme? )
Desecrate a crate with these rhymes I be totin
Let's go back online and jerk off on your modem
I got stupid mucus from these loose lips
My loose leaf leave your whole persona weak
To the point that you stand up on your feet, best retreat
Let's go back in time and steal my whole steez
The quickening, did a bris at the christening
I'm exercisin, doing liftings and twistings
Instinct's the nicest, I keep tellin you
What the fuck this guy on the corner been sellin you?
[eminem]
(here - buy this) I'm e-mailin you, at the wrong website
And mispellin you, prank you and put the fear of hell in you
Escaped bellevue, stuffed the nurse in a purse
Disperse like I added too many words in a verse
Slim shady, a perverted version of birth
Drivin off, leaving a murdered virgin at church
The first person who searchin the earth for the motherfucker
That pulled the plug when they shoulda alerted the surgeon first
(kill his ass) get thrown curves, and hit with your own words
Leave me alone bitch! I get on my own nerves
And if I don't got two balls and a middle finger to throw up
I'm takin off both shoes and stickin each middle toe up
(fuck y'all!!!!)
Chorus
[eminem]
Any disease out there I'm willin to catch it...
Slim shady...
All praises to the high & mighty
Outro: scratches by dj mighty mi
"slim shady", "naughty rotten rhymer"
"mr. eon", "illest rhyme dropper"
"slim shady", "naughty rotten rhymer"
"mr. eon", "illest rhyme dropper"
"slim shady"
"n....nau..naughty...ro..ro..rotten rhyme....rhyme..rhy..rhymer"
"mr. eon"
"illest rhyme drop...drop..drop..dro..dro..rhyme dropper"

_____
Okay folks, enough with the gay jokes,
Especially from a gay broke bitch yourself, Hey Lo,
Here's how i do do he worked here longer than me,
And I get paid more than you do,
Dawg take a seat, what's this guy standing in line for,
He ain't got money to eat, check this out yo yo,
This guy cashed his whole cheque, and bought one hoho,
Fucking homo, little maggot, you can hack it,
Paul's gay, you're a faggot,
At least he admits it, don't even risk it,
This guy starving to death, someone get him a biscuit,
I don't know what they told you "Mike"
You must have them cornrows rolled to tight
This job, you wanna quit but you can't
You've worked at this plant so long, you're a plant,
Look at your god damn boots!
For Christ sakes they're starting to grow roots!
In this mic you get faded,
you look like a pissed off rapper who never made it,
Eh why you fucking with the gay guy gee,
When really your the one who's got the HIV,
Man I'm done with this clown, it's off, fuck it,
I'll let homegirl finish you off,

_____
[Verse #1]
These ideas are nightmares for white parents
Whose worst fear is a child with dyed hair and who likes earrings
Like whatever they say has no bearing
Its so scary in a house that allows no swearing
To see him walking around with his headphones blaring
Alone in his own zone, cold and he dont care
He's a problem child, what bothers him all comes out
When he talks about his fuckin' dad walkin out
Cos he hates him so bad that he blocks him out
But if he ever saw him again, he'd prolly knock him out
His thoughts are whacked, he's mad so he's talkin' back
Talkin black, brainwashed from rock and rap
He sags his pants, 2 rags and a stocking cap
His step-father hit him so he socked him back
And broke his nose, this house is a broken home
There's no control, he just lets his emotions go
Come on...
[Chorus:]
Sing with me, sing for the year
Sing for the laughter, sing for the tear
Sing with me,just for today
Maybe tomorrow, the good Lord will take you away
[Verse #2]
Entertainment is danger, intertwine it with gansters
In the land of the killers, a sinner's mind is a sanctum
Holy or Unholy, only have one homey
Only this gun, lonely, cuz don't anyone know me
But everybody just feels like they can relate
I guess words are a motherfucker, they can be great
Or they can degrate, or even worse, they can teach hate
Its like kids hang on every single statement we make
Like they worship us, plus all the stores ship us platinum
Now how the fuck did this metamorphasis happen?
From standin' on corners and porches just rappin'
To havin' a fortune, no more kissin' ass
But then these critics crucify you, journalists try to burn you

_____
Chorus:
Cuz the more u, put me through, the more it makes me wanna cum back to u, u say u hate me, i just luv u more, u dont want me, i just want u more. i buy u flowers, u throw em at me, i no its sad but its makin me happy, the more that u slap me, the more that it turns me on, cuz u luv me, and i love u more.
verse 1:
its sick, but who could ever predict? we been doin tha same shit. we say we do it 4 our baby but we dont, we do it 4 us, its lust, cuz neither one of us trust eachother so we fuck till we bust, till we cuz eachother, out, we no wat its about, shoutin, till i throw u out tha house, or throw me out tha house, i punch u in tha mouth, fist fight till we turn this motha out! and appologize after, laughter, pain, its insaine, were back in tha same chapter again, and its sad but its true, when im layin here wit u, there aint nothin anyone could ever say, ever do.
(chorus)
verse 2:
cuz i hate u, do u hate me? good! cuz ur so fuckin beautiful when ur angry, it just makes me, wanna just take u and just throw u on tha bed, and fuck u like i dont even no u, u fuck other people, and i fuck other people, ur a slut, but im equal, im a mutt. were both evil in our ways, but neither one of us would ever admit it cuz one of us would have one up on tha other, so 4get it. we can make accusations, people spread rumors, but they aint got proof, so they new its just tha 2 of us, its u and me, cuz any chickin can say that ur screwin me, but u gotta belive me to a degree, cuz if u hidden i wouldnt be hittin, yea i would, cuz tha sex is just too damn good, if i ran who would i run to? it would be this off tha wall, so its off and on, usually more off than on, but atleast we no, that we share this comic bond, ur tha only one i can fuck without a condom on. and i hope, the only reason that i cope, is cuz of that fact and plus i can bussin that and thats y,
(chorus)
verse 3:
i can never understand it, thats y i dont try from junior high, untill we both die, its silly o y, must we try? is it really so rough? that we must always call eachothers billy goats gruff? and pull eachothers legs, untill the other beggs? were lyin to our selves cuz tha beauty of its here and we truly luv eachother, thats y we always fight, and all we do is shove eachother every other fucking night, and its clear, it aint gunna change, we been up rage, we both had, we both feel like we been upstage, by someone else, we both been, someone else, just someone else, problems neither ones more heath. its an addiction and it cant be fixed, our familys mixed up, theres a baby sister in tha mix. and it hurts us cuz the peices to the puzzle dont fit, and anybody who thinks they know us doesnt know SHIT! and theyre probably tired of hearin it all the time, on every song, every lyric and every rhyme, alla the hoop-blah, alla the woop-de-woo, what u put me through, fuckin woop-de-doo. but i wont be made a fool of if this is true love, u wouldnt do wat u did last time, u wouldnt screw up, this time, cuz this time gurl im tellin u wat, u do it again im fuckin u up, no matter,
wat u say, wat u do, ima hunt u down till i find u, no matter where u run, ill be right there, right behind u, in ur night mare, so when i buy u tha flowers, and the candy, all of the times that u threw it back at me, u say that u hate me, u gon hate me more, once u find out, u cant escape me whore...
(chorus)

_____
Dear God, you've got to intervene
The whole damn world has gone insane
Half dosed up with atropine
The rest prepared to get gangrene
All made out to be routine
By politicians and magazines
Saying 'we're gonna smash an evil
regime'
'Evil regime, Saddam Hussein'
And millions stuck in-between
Shots and bombs and fusilenes
And Tony Benn's our go-between
But what the fuck hope can Iraqis see
Jesse Jackson:
'It's hope time, it's healing time
It's hope time, it's healing time'
The only Gods that we adore
Are love and peace and plenty
We're better pleased to make one more
Than be the death of twenty
Come on baby, let's make 1 more
Tony Benn:
'It must be about democracy'
Dear God, where's your
miraculous deed
You've got to act now, don't mess
around no more
The world's heating up for a badass
war
And the deal is they trash the poor
While dictators hide and the rich
get more
And it's so awful but it's not unlawful
Cause the resolutions are sealed n signed
And the world feels like it's down
upside
And singing raps is so naive
War is sick; Bush is thick;
He's a hick; Saddam's a prick;
Let's cause a war,
ie mass destruction
That's the so called sane instruction
To remove the weapons of mass destruction
To me that's just some mad corruption
We've got to have some 'quick, short, sharp destruction'
The only Gods that we adore
Are love and peace and plenty
We're better pleased to make
one more
Than be the death of twenty
Come on baby, let's make 1 more
So Dear God, get your ass down here
You've got to murder hate and
kill the war
You've got to burn intolerance
and impose peace
So God, this could be your
masterpiece
No more scorn for things gone wrong
You can live up to the hype
and redress the wrongs
Fight the good fight with all your might
And let the puppet world leaders know who's right
So Dear God, whatever you are
Jesus or Allah or a superstar
Share out the oil and save the poor
Spare the kids and spoil the rods
You could start again and set
new laws
Get some rappers in charge with
morality
Tougher than rhinos but sane, you'll
see
All they'll murder is some crass old rhyme
But they won't curdle the milk of humankind
Until we're all turned into rivers
of slime
No
The new wars would be battle raps
A new world order of baseball caps
American and Islamic too
The new world language would
start with booo
Boo hoo hoo hoo, boo hoo hoo
That's where we are heading to
The only Gods that we adore
Are love and peace and plenty
We're better pleased to make
one more
Than be the death of twenty
Come on baby, let's make 1 more
So Dear God, you've got to intervene
I think I've just gone insane
I want to fight war with my bare fists
I want to kill hate, do you get the gist'
And I'm ****** off with pacifists
'Cause what have they been doing all these goddamn years
Letting bullies and puppets
walk over us'
So God, have you had your fill
Thou shalt make love
Thou shalt not kill
The only Gods that we adore
Are love and peace and plenty
We're better pleased to
make one more
Than be the death of twenty
Come on baby, let's make 1 more

_____
May I have your attention please?
May I have your attention please?
Will the real Slim Shady please stand up?
I repeat, will the real Slim Shady please stand up?
We're gonna have a problem here
Y'all act like ya never seen a white person before
Jaws all on the floor like Pam, like Tommy just burst in the door
And started whooping her ass worse than before
They first were divorce, throwin'her over furniture (Ahh!)
It's the return of the...
Ah, wait, no way, you're kidding,
he just didn't say what I think he did, did he?
And Dr. Dre said...
Nothing you idiots! Dr. Dre's dead, he's locked in my basement!
(Ha-ha!)
Feminist women love Eminem
{*Eminem's vocal turntable*} Slim Shady, I'm sick of him
Look at him, walking around grabbing his you-know-what
Flipping the you-know-who, yeah, but he's so cute though
Yeah, I probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose
But no worse than what's going on in your parents' bedrooms
Sometimes, I wanna get on TV and just let loose, but can't
But it's cool for Tom Green to hump a dead moose
My bum is on your lips, my bum is on your lips
And if I'm lucky, you might just give it a little kiss
And that's the message that we deliver to little kids
And expect them not to know what a woman's clitoris is
Of course they gonna know what intercourse is
By the time they hit fourth grade
They got the Discovery Channel don't they?
We ain't nothing but mammals
Well, some of us cannibals
Who cut other people open like cantaloupes
But if we can hump dead animals and antelopes
Then there's no reason that a man and another man can't elope
But if you feel like I feel, I got the anecdote
Women wave your panty-hoes, sing the chorus and it goes
1-    I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up?
Please stand up, please stand up
Cuz I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up?
Please stand up, please stand up
Will Smith don't gotta cuss in his raps to sell his records
Well I do so  Fuck him and fuck you too!
You think I give a damn about a Grammy?
Half of you critics can't even stomach me let alone stand me
But Slim, what if you win, wouldn't it be weird?
Why? So you guys could just lie to get me here
So you can sit me here next to Britney Spears
Shit Christina Aguilera better switch me chairs
So I can sit next to Carson Daly and Fred Durst
And hear them argue over who she gave head to first
You little bitch, put me on blast on MTV
Yeah, he's cute, but I think he's married to Kim, hee-hee
I should download her audio on MP3 and show the whole world
how you gave Eminem VD
I'm sick of you little girl and boy groups
All you do is annoy me so I have been sent here to destroy you
And there's a million of us just like me
Who cuss like me; who just don't give a fuck like me
Who dress like me; walk, talk and act like me
And just might be the next best thing but not quite me!
Repeat 1
I'm like a head trip to listen to cuz I'm only giving you
Things you joke about with your friends inside your living room
The only difference is I got the balls to say it
In front of y'all and I don't gotta be frost or sugar coated at all
I just get on a mic and spit it and whether you like to admit it
I just shitted better than 90 percent of you rappers out there
Then you wonder how can kids eat up these albums like valiums
It's funny cuz at the rate I'm going when I'm 30
I'll be the only person in the nursing home flirting
Pinching nurses asses when I'm jacking off with Jergens
And I'm jerkin'but this whole bag of Viagra isn't working
And every single person is a Slim Shady lurking
He could be working at Burger King spitting on your onion rings
Or in the parking lot, circling, screaming  I don't give a fuck!
With his windows down and his system up
So, will the real Shady please stand up?
And put one of those fingers on each hand up?
And be proud to be outta ya mind and outta control
And one more time, loud as you can, how does it go?
Repeat 1
Repeat 1
Ha ha
Guess there's a Slim Shady in all of us
Fuck it, let's all stand up

_____
i miss my friend
why did it have to end
all i do is cry
and i wanna know why
all you did was lie
i want these feelings to go away
cuz i dont wanna feel this way
its only you on my mind
people say that i am blind
for not seeing the real you
and all the pain you put me though
i hoenstly feel the way i say
and the feelings wont stop or go away
so no matter what i do
i am still in love with you

_____
Shady in the place to be seen
And I got what it takes to rock the mic RIGHT!
Still watch what you say to me punk cuz I'm off probation in less then 6 MONTHS!
We the realest label. 50 Cent and B.I.G. my nigga
Don't try to act like you don't feel our label.
Obie, D-Twizzy, G-Unit, 50, Shady Records, we the label fa sho
BIGGY:
When we smoke spliffs, we pack four-fifths
Just in case dread wanna riff
He get a free lift to the cemetary, rough very
Not your ordinary, we watch you get buried
That's a real nigga for ya
Get mad do a quarter flip the script, and rip your lawyer
Spit at the D.A. cause fuck what she say
She don't give a fuck about your ass anyway
Up North found first stop for the town
of fist-skill, where the hand skills are real ill
You'll be a super Hoover doo-doo stain remover
Ha hahhh, yo G, pass the ruler
We the realest label. 50 Cent and B.I.G. my nigga
Don't try to act like you don't feel our label.
Obie, D-Twizzy, G-Unit, 50, Shady Records, we the label fa sho
50 Cent:
When I was young my M.O. was to go hail the Henny
And even my P.O. she called me the Ginger Bread Man
I cut ya new case, and tell her ass "catch me if you can"
Don't let your people feel your awkward
I tame I'm not lame
Get gassed up to get blast up
Real B.I.G. style watch the kid break it down
Check it, thou shalt not fuck wit North Seed Papa
50 Cent, I'll break yo ass off propa'
This new place like home, New York - New York
I run this city, I don't dance around like Diddy
Niggas is giddy, till they act smack silly
Or spray wit the Mack Milly, they don't want drama really
Pushy niggas get hard lip syncing my lyrics like Milly Vanilly
Even the hood they feel me {*gun cocked*} hah! I'm on fire!
Niggas out in Philly they feel me, they bump my shit
Even bootlegged you know, bump my shit, bitch!
We the realest label. 50 Cent and B.I.G. my nigga
Don't try to act like you don't feel our label.
Obie, D-Twizzy, G-Unit, 50, Shady Records, we the label fa sho
eminem:
I got 50 Cent I got G-Unit
D-Twizzy's in this bitch  With Obie Triiiiice
So watch what you say  Before you call our name
If you say one more thing  It won't be nice
eminem:
Here we go  I shoulda known
I was bound to get pulled into some bullshit sooner or later
You little haters are too jellous of us to love us
You ain't it
G-Unit made it
And Obie's comin
D-Twizzy's comin
You sick to your stomach
50% is 50-Cent
The other 50% is who's color skin it is
Well if you're even considering takin our label down
You better find our building and fly a fucking plane into it
But I ain't tryin to get too intriqette into it
I'm just tryin to give you a little hint for your own benefit
Cuz then it's gunna get to the point where it escalates into some other shit
Then Im a flip
Then Im a get to stompin in my Air Force One's
Won't be able to tell if it's two pairs or it's one
It's gunna feel like there's so many feet kickin you
You think that Nike just made these into cleat tennis shoes
I don't know what it is or what it could be
But I get a woody when these pussy's try to push me
Thinkin they gon' put me in the position to pickle me
Ya'll tickle me pink
I think I'd just rather have pink tiggle me
Hickory dickory dock tickoty tock tickety a little bit of the diggity dock diggity
Mixed with a little bit of the jiga jig jiga
With a small pinch of Biggie
Look at me, I'm just the bomb diggity
We the realest label
Don't try to act like you don't feel our label
Cuz we gon' fuck around and kill your label
Obie, D-Twizzy, G-Unit, 50, Shady Records, we the label fa sho
We the realest label
Don't try to act like you don't feel our label
We gon' fuck around and steal your people
Obie, D-Twizzy, G-Unit, 50, we gonna kill yo fuckin label fo sho

_____
Shady in the place to be seen
And I got what it takes to rock the mic RIGHT!
Still watch what you say to me punk cuz I'm off probation in less then 6 MONTHS!
We the realest label. 50 Cent and B.I.G. my nigga
Don't try to act like you don't feel our label.
Obie, D-Twizzy, G-Unit, 50, Shady Records, we the label fa sho
BIGGY:
When we smoke spliffs, we pack four-fifths
Just in case dread wanna riff
He get a free lift to the cemetary, rough very
Not your ordinary, we watch you get buried
That's a real nigga for ya
Get mad do a quarter flip the script, and rip your lawyer
Spit at the D.A. cause fuck what she say
She don't give a fuck about your ass anyway
Up North found first stop for the town
of fist-skill, where the hand skills are real ill
You'll be a super Hoover doo-doo stain remover
Ha hahhh, yo G, pass the ruler
We the realest label. 50 Cent and B.I.G. my nigga
Don't try to act like you don't feel our label.
Obie, D-Twizzy, G-Unit, 50, Shady Records, we the label fa sho
50 Cent:
When I was young my M.O. was to go hail the Henny
And even my P.O. she called me the Ginger Bread Man
I cut ya new case, and tell her ass  catch me if you can
Don't let your people feel your awkward
I tame I'm not lame
Get gassed up to get blast up
Real B.I.G. style watch the kid break it down
Check it, thou shalt not fuck wit North Seed Papa
50 Cent, I'll break yo ass off propa'
This new place like home, New York - New York
I run this city, I don't dance around like Diddy
Niggas is giddy, till they act smack silly
Or spray wit the Mack Milly, they don't want drama really
Pushy niggas get hard lip syncing my lyrics like Milly Vanilly
Even the hood they feel me {*gun cocked*} hah! I'm on fire!
Niggas out in Philly they feel me, they bump my shit
Even bootlegged you know, bump my shit, bitch!
We the realest label. 50 Cent and B.I.G. my nigga
Don't try to act like you don't feel our label.
Obie, D-Twizzy, G-Unit, 50, Shady Records, we the label fa sho
eminem:
I got 50 Cent I got G-Unit
D-Twizzy's in this bitch  With Obie Triiiiice
So watch what you say  Before you call our name
If you say one more thing  It won't be nice
eminem:
Here we go  I shoulda known
I was bound to get pulled into some bullshit sooner or later
You little haters are too jellous of us to love us
You ain't it
G-Unit made it
And Obie's comin
D-Twizzy's comin
You sick to your stomach
50% is 50-Cent
The other 50% is who's color skin it is
Well if you're even considering takin our label down
You better find our building and fly a fucking plane into it
But I ain't tryin to get too intriqette into it
I'm just tryin to give you a little hint for your own benefit
Cuz then it's gunna get to the point where it escalates into some other shit
Then Im a flip
Then Im a get to stompin in my Air Force One's
Won't be able to tell if it's two pairs or it's one
It's gunna feel like there's so many feet kickin you
You think that Nike just made these into cleat tennis shoes
I don't know what it is or what it could be
But I get a woody when these pussy's try to push me
Thinkin they gon' put me in the position to pickle me
Ya'll tickle me pink
I think I'd just rather have pink tiggle me
Hickory dickory dock tickoty tock tickety a little bit of the diggity dock diggity
Mixed with a little bit of the jiga jig jiga
With a small pinch of Biggie
Look at me, I'm just the bomb diggity
We the realest label
Don't try to act like you don't feel our label
Cuz we gon' fuck around and kill your label
Obie, D-Twizzy, G-Unit, 50, Shady Records, we the label fa sho
We the realest label
Don't try to act like you don't feel our label
We gon' fuck around and steal your people
Obie, D-Twizzy, G-Unit, 50, we gonna kill yo fuckin label fo sho

_____
[Eminem talkin']
Its all bad now man, its all bad
But yal done fucked up now
Yeah ha ha, new shit, hey yo
I just want the whole world to know:
That I did not start this, but I will finish it
[Verse]
Comin up it never mattered what color you was
If you could spit then you could spit, thats it, thats what it was
Back when, motherf*ckers was straight back packin
Cypherin, fightin for life in this rap
for the mic to get past and you psyched and you gasped
and you hyped cuz you last and you might whoop some ass
If you lost then you lost shake hands like a man
and you swallowed it, when the unsigned hype column
at The Source was like, the only source of light
When the mics used to mean somethin, a four was like
you were the ****, now its like the least you get
three and a half now just means you a peice of ****
four and a half or five, means you Biggie, Jigga, Nas,
or Benzino I dont think you even realize
you playin with motherf*ckers lives, I dont watched Dre
get ****ed on The Chronic, probably cuz I was on it
Now you f*cked me outa my mics twice I let it slide
I said I wouldnt hold my f*cken breathto get a five
Sh*t I was right, Ida f*ckin died already tryin
I swear to God I never lie I bet thats why
you let that b*tch give me that bullsh*t review
I sat and took it, I aint look at the sh*t we knew
You'd probly try to f*ck us with Obie and 50 too
F*ck a relationship we through
No more Source with street cred, them days is dead
Dre's got A-Ks to dave mase's head
Every issue there's an eight page Made-Mens spread
Will somebody please tell whoever braids his head
That I am not afraid, hes just a f*ckin waste of lead
on my pencil, for me to write some sh*t this simple
So listen closely, as I break it down and proceed
This old Gs bout to get smoked like raw weed
You dont know me or my motherf*ckin mother you motherf*ckin punk
Put me on your motherf*ckin cover to sell your little sell out mag
I aint mad I feel bad, heres an ad, heres a poster of Ray-Ray and his dad
You wanna talk about some sh*t that you dont know about? ya
Lets talk about how your puttin you own son out there
To try to eat off him, cuz you missed your boat
Your never gonna float b*tch your just too old
No wonder your sore now lordy your bored now
Im pushin thirty your kickin fourty's door down
B*tch this is war now, and youl never beat me
all you do is cheat me out of quatables but you know
that youl always see me on your TV
Cuz you gotta stay up till three in the mornin
To see your video played once on BET
So he-he-he who gets the last laugh?
Aftermath ya so on behalf on our whole staff
kiss our ass-hole cracks we'll never fold or hold back
Just know that Benzinos wack
no matter how many times I say his name, hell never blow jack
Your better off tryin to bring R-S-O back
Look at your track record thats how far it goes back
Its extortion n Ray own's a proportion
so half of the staff up there is fresh outta jail from boston
Bullyin and bossin, caged like a slave they've completely brainwashed him
And forced him to stay locked in his own office afraid of the softest
fakest, wannabe gangster in New York
And its pitiful, cuz I never woulda said sh*t to you if you'd kept your mouth shut
B*tch now what? Hit a clue, spit it slay
New sh*t, exclusive ?? whoo kid
You know what to do with this: use it
Im through, this is stupid, I cant believe I stooped to this
bullsh*t to do this...
And who you callin a b*tch? B*tch. You owe me.

_____
The Wild.. Gotham
The Wild.. West {*BANG BANG, BANG*}
Ha ha, riiiiide..
[Dr. Dre]
All you see is the sun, reflectin off of the gun
I'm ready for the showdown, that go down at one
Sweat on my brow, let's settle it now
I'ma show you how real cowboys get down
I'm polishin gold, waitin for this drama to unfold
I got a {blunt} rolled
Feelin bold, gangsters blood runs cold
It's time to reload this old .45 colt
The wind's gusty, it's hot, muggy and dusty
Bust a couple shots, make sure I'm not rusty
It's passed noon, he should be here soon
Sip a little moonshine inside a saloon
All of a sudden I can hear the sound of hoofs
Sounds like a thousand wolves
I cock back, put the toast in the holster and froze
I pose like a poster, he's closer than close
I hold the heat sturdy, I heard he fight's dirty
but I'ma put thirty inside him and leave early
And just when I went to fill him with hot lead
I put the gun to his head, and this is what he said
[Eminem]
You never met me, and you'll probably never see me again
but I know you - the name's Slim - you want revenge?
Then don't shoot, I'm in the same boots as you
I'm tellin the truth, I got a price on my head too, cause when you..
Chorus: {unknown singer}
You ride like a cowboy toward the sun
And life ain't fun, when you're on the run
Got your gold and you got your gun
But life as an outlaw just begun
Got your shotgun by your side
Got your horse and you got your pride
You ride til there ain't no place to hide
It's sad cause the bad guys always die
[Dr. Dre] + (Eminem)
He was "Shady," I seen by the look on his face
He said take ten paces {shit} I took eight
Spun around and I aimed straight for the brain
My {shit} went bang but it only fired a blank, he said
(You need bullets, hurry up run!) {*imitating Slick Rick*}
I put a clip in the gun, and pointed at his lungs
We both drew at the same time and stood stunned
(Go ahead, shoot me, but I'm not the one you want)
I figured he was tellin the truth, that's why I didn't shoot
So what we gon' do, it's on you
(Do you recall when you and Snoop was a group?)
The Chronic!
(Well all we gotta do is find a map to part two)
(And plus I know who's got it)
Who?
(Some old dude, he's got 26 plaques and he already sold two)
Loaded up my saddle, got ready for battle
Hid two pieces of gold inside of my saddle
We rolled two miles until we hit the spot
An old ghost town that everybody forgot
A place where they used to smoke chronic a lot
Slim grabbed the shotgun (Dre here's the plot)
(Eminem)
This is the spot, they call him Doc Loveless
He's goin around sayin he took the game from us
[Let's shoot him in his kneecaps, he'll never see it comin]
But he ain't got no legs, they cut 'em off at the stomach
He's got mechanical legs, he spins webs
Plus he's well respected by the hip-hop heads
Our mission - is to get him to stop layin eggs
And we can put him on his back down a flight of steps
[Dr. Dre]
I drew two guns, spun them on my fingers
Kicked the swingin doors in, started gun slinging
I could hear somebody singin - it sounded like a "G Thang,"
and a verse from "Keep Their Heads Ringin"
I said "It's Dre's Day," and started to spray
Against 1800, he pulls a AK
Hollow tips started flyin every which way
(Eminem)
That's when I seen Dre in trouble and came with the gauge
I fired the first shot, spun his body around
He hit the ground and landed upside down
Dre grabbed the map, the plaques and the gold
I grabbed two girlies and a {blunt} that's rolled
Chorus 2X
Always die..
The Wild.. Gotham
The Wild.. West {*BANG BANG, BANG*}
Ha ha, riiiiide..

_____
This song lyrics are not displayed due to the claim of copyright holder
_____
(Chorus)
Skam:
Yo I'm tryin to be the man of the day
Three six five a year
See the bullshit you sayin, Skam ain't tryin to hear (Fuck that!)
Bustin lyrics in the air
Keepin some up in the chamber
Eminem:
Yo Skam, what the fuck you doin?
Skam:
Man, I'm releasin anger
Eminem :
I'm tryin to be the illest of the day
Three six five a year
See that bullshit you sayin, Shady ain't tryin to hear
Spittin lyrics in your ear
Keepin some up in the chamber
Skam:
Aiyyo Shady what the fuck you doin?
Shady:
I'm releasin anger
(Verse 1)
Skam:
Man I'm tired of bein tired, everytime I wake up
Tired of these fake ducks, tired of bein late for the bus
Tired of all be blendin, and endin up datin sluts
So my facial expression stay stuck up, and shut the fuck up!
To the pity ass rappers, that ain't shit with out make-up, wake up
Gold diggin bitches, the buck stops here
The road to riches is closed for repair
So if the shoe ain't fittin, girl leave that shit alone
You aint Erykah Badu, what I look like Tyrone?
I rip your tissue out your ear
Spittin like I don't care
My hair look like I ain't come it, shit a damn near year
So I burn, zig-zag, I leave the next man with his heels up
Brain dead, and be reincarnated at a speed bump
When we done we stay hard, so you don't land shit
Suck Skam's dick, off of what a dead man spit
Yo that's it, I don't plan shit, you know how we go down
They need to slow down, and take a look who the hoe now
At every industry party, gettin so damn drunk
Can't remember the lass ass you kissed, or dick you sucked
Remind me of my ex, in the street got me veck
Tryin to roll up on Miami, leavin with a broke neck
Oh shit, leathal lyric equal land mind
I be stackin up Withe rappers like im throwin gas signs
And I'm, buck wild exposin the plain truth
You couldn't mess with me, fuckin shit up in the same room
Hey you, I don't know you but fuck it, let me get a dollar
For this bad car, that go along with the breath
Some show the mad bomb, and steal the show like a theft
Cause in Miami, the baby jammin like three up in the chamber
(Yo Skam what the fuck you doin?)
(Chorus)
Verse 2
Eminem:
Some people say I'm strange, I tell them ain't shit change
I'm still the same lame asshole with a different name
Became late to the last show with a different dane
Brain ate from the last ode that I snifed the cane
Yo know your spaced the fuck out like George Lucas
When your pukus, turnin to yellow with orange mukus
So when I grab a pencil and squeeze it between fingers
I'm not a rapper, I'm a demon who speaks English
Freak genuis, too extreme for the weak and squeemish
Burn you alive till you screamin to be extinquished
Cause when I drop the science, motherfuckers tell me to stop the violence
Start a fire and block the hydrants
I'm just a mean person, you never seen worse than
So when Slim gets this M-16 burstin
You gettin spun backwards like every word of obscene cursin
On the B-side of my first single with the clean version
Stoppin your short life when you still a teen virgin
Unless you get a kidney speciman from a spleen surgeon
In the best hospital possible for emergancy surgery
To try to stop the blood from your rushin sternly eternally
I'll take it back before we do each others name
Run in a ultrasound and snatch you out your mothers frame
I'll take it further back than that
Back to lovers lane, to the night you were started
Cock block your fathers game
I'll plead the fifth like my drawers were muzzled
So suck my dick while I take a shit and do this crossword puzzle
And when I'm down with ten seconds left, then to hope out
I'ma throw a head-but so hard, I'll knock us both out
(Chorus)

_____
Chorus:
[Skam]
Yo, I'm tryin' to be the man of the day
Three six five a year
See the bullshit you sayin', Skam ain't tryin' to hear (Fuck that!)
Bustin' lyrics in the air
Keepin' some up in the chamber
[Eminem]
Yo Skam, what the fuck you doin'?
[Skam]
Man, I'm releasin anger!
[Eminem]
I'm tryin' to be the illest of the day
Three six five a year
See that bullshit you sayin', Shady ain't tryin' to hear
Spittin' lyrics in your ear
Keepin' some up in the chamber
[Skam]
Aiyyo Shady what the fuck you doin'?
[Shady]
I'm releasin anger!
[Skam]
Man I'm tired of bein' tired, everytime I wake up
Tired of these fake ducks, tired of bein' late for the bus
Tired of all be blendin', and endin' up datin sluts
So my facial expression stay stuck up, and shut the fuck up!
To the pity ass rappers, that ain't shit with out make-up, wake up
Gold diggin' bitches, the buck stops here
The road to riches is closed for repair
So if the shoe ain't fittin, girl leave that shit alone
You aint Erykah Badu, what I look like Tyrone?
I rip your tissue out your ear
Spittin' like I don't care
My hair look like I ain't come it, shit a damn near year
So I burn, zig-zag, I leave the next man with his heels up
Brain dead, and be reincarnated at a speed bump
When we done we stay hard, so you don't land shit
Suck Skam's dick, off of what a dead man spit
Yo that's it, I don't plan shit, you know how we go down
They need to slow down, and take a look who the hoe now
At every industry party, gettin' so damn drunk
Can't remember the lass ass you kissed, or dick you sucked
Remind me of my ex, in the street got me veck
Tryin' to roll up on Miami, leavin' with a broke neck
Oh shit, leathal lyric equal land mind
I be stackin' up white rappers like im throwin' gas signs
And I'm, buck wild exposin the plain truth
You couldn't mess with me, fuckin' shit up in the same room
Hey you, I don't know you but fuck it, let me get a dollar
For this bad car, that go along with the breath
Some show the mad bomb, and steal the show like a theft
Cause in Miami, the baby jammin like three up in the chamber
(Yo Skam what the fuck you doin?)
Chorus
[Eminem]
Some people say I'm strange, I tell them ain't shit change
I'm still the same lame asshole with a different name
Became late to the last show with a different dane
Brain ate from the last "O" that I snifed off caine
You know you're spaced the fuck out like George Lucas
When your puke is turnin' to yellowish-orange mucus
So when I grab a pencil and squeeze it between fingers
I'm not a rapper, I'm a demon who speaks English
Freak genius, too extreme for the weak and squeamish
Burn you alive till you screamin' to be extinguished
Cause when I drop the science, motherfuckers tell me to stop the violence
Start a fire and block the hydrants
I'm just a mean person, you never seen worse than
So when Slim gets this M-16 burstin'
You gettin' spun backwards like every word of obscene cursin
On the B-side of my first single with the clean version
Stoppin your short life while you're still a teen virgin
Unless you get a kidney specialist and a spleen surgeon
In the best hospital possible for emergancy surgery
To try to stop the blood from your ruptured sternum iternally
I'll take it back before we knew each other's name
Run in a ultrasound and snatch you out your mothers frame
I'll take it further back than that
Back to Lovers' lane, to the night you were thought of, and
Cock-block your father's game
I'll plead the fifth like my jaws were muzzled
So suck my dick while I take a shit and do this crossword puzzle
And when I'm down with ten seconds left in the whole bout
I'ma throw a head-butt so hard, I'll knock us both out
Chorus

_____
yo i keep m luv snug bruv
but im white, so i dont know no thug luv
but what you do find is thugs luv then 2time
its a truecrime but most do it
like should i or should'nt i arrr screw it
then when she finds out your cheating
she gives you a raw beating for leaving
and not luvin
then shit gets heated hotter than a hot oven
cos you've broken bonds
kissed others with open tongs
being disloyal
like whats been planted in this soil
but this is all i've herd
how they cheat and end up dead from their bird
so if you blare a word of cheating
you havent put one foot in
you've stook both feet in
then you start watching your back from day one
like you got your clothes the wrong way on
but as i say
i dont know no thug luv and im not one like goldie[ahah]
so were did i get this shit from?
a little birbie told me

_____
Dr Ross:
Christine, u love it when i stretch hey?
U love it when my arms go up like im about 2 get laid
I think i might prescribe u something 2 make u
fuck like superman then dopey-d can rape u
the only bush im beatin' round is Leonie's
I wanna un-do my fly and wait 4 u 2 comb me
whenever u leave i feel so lonely
u own me, p.s. fat shit i take head only
Dopey-D:
Im not in thinking mode
I feel like drinking ..oh
those passionate nights
Hold up. Do u think im like some sort of bad kisser when im drunk?
how would u know? u know because who cares. i mean i do
but cosmo says if ur a sloppy kisser it means u just really
wanna huh-huh that person.
So next time we're 2gether lits pick up the pace
im sloppy but u can spit all over my face
but that wont happen because
Ha Ha!
U r never gonna kiss me Leonie is so stoopid.
Im not sick of hearing about her but it would
be better if u actually came out feeling a little optimistic
about this cursed ass hopeless life.
i cant think.

_____
Yo yo yo yo yo (this is)
This is my motherfucking anthem (hip hop)
To hip hop music (anthem)
Cause I'm gonna keep doing hip hop music
until the day that I die (aight bitch)
Yo I'm into voodoo, tarot cards and ouija boards
Lighting candles camping out at haunted beach resorts
I write the dark shit, and rap about perverted violence
Ghost stories of people murdered on deserted islands
Dressed in jean shorts, high tops and tube socks
Holding a rifle, with a life full of drama like Tupac's
Jumping off roof tops drunk after i do shots
Landing in someone's backyard getting chewed up by two rotts
I got a new watch and two rings with huge rocks
This rap shit got cash coming out the blue like nude cops
I use to sell pizza's, now i got twelve visa's
So tell jesus I'm gonna quit sinning when hell freezes
[chorus]
That's why my brain is out of order
That's probley why my nights are getting colder and my day seems shorter
But as the world turns and I keep growing older
I be living this hip hop till hell freezes over
Bitch till hell freezes over
I be living this hip hop till hell freezes over
And as the world turns and i keep growing older
I be living this hip hop till hell freezes...over
Yo I use to be to heavy in that cruising rap shit crap
I think i fucked my head up listing to acid rap
I go to party's bumping nasty nas's new song
And smoke pot till I get high and i stare at shit for too long
Like this weed is laced aint, it taste tainted
Your whole place fainted, I woke up with my face painted
Spaced out like sci-fi t.v
Fuck ICP buy my cd
cause while I'm screaming while I'm handing out promo tapes of my debut
telling bitches let me eat your pussy while I shave you
Aint no shame in my game I turn the party out
Making everybody shout for the rapper with potty mouth
[chorus]
That's why my brain is out of order
That's probley why my nights are getting colder and my day seems shorter
But as the world turns and i keep growing older
I be living this hip hop till hell freezes over
Bitch till hell freezes over
I be living this hip hop till hell freezes over
And as the world turns and i keep growing older
I be living this hip hop till hell freezes...over
Uh, uh uh uh uh
Ah ah ah ah
Uh uh uh uh
Ah ah ah ah
Uh uh uh uh(Dr.dre)
Ah ah ah ah(Slim shady) (Outsiders)

_____
(feat. Nate Dogg)
[Intro:]
Cause sometimes you just feel tired.
You feel weak and when you feel weak you feel like you wanna just give up.
But you gotta search within you, you gotta find that inner strength
and just pull that shit out of you and get that motivation to not give up
and not be a quitter, no matter how bad you wanna just fall flat on your face and collapse.
[B/W Intro:]
Go left, go left, go left right left
Go left, go left, go left right left
Go left, go left, go left right left
Go left, go left, go left right left
[Verse #1:]
Till I collapse Im spilling these raps long as you feel em
Till the day that I drop youll never say that Im not killing them
Cause when I am not then I am stop pinning them
And I am not hip-hop and Im just not Eminem.
Subliminal thoughts when Im stop sending them women are caught in webs spin and hauk venom
Adrenaline shots of penicillin could not get the illing to stop. Amoxacilin is just not real
enough.
The criminal cop killing hip-hop filling minimal swap to cop millions of Pac listeners.
Your coming with me, feel it or not youre gonna fear it like I showed you the spirit of god
lives in us.
You hear it a lot, lyrics the shock is it a miracle or am I just a product of pop fizzing up.
For shizzle my whizzle this is the plot listen up you bizzles forgot slizzle does not give a
fuck.
[Chorus - NateDogg]
Till the roof comes off, till the lights go out
Till my legs give out, cant shut my mouth.
Till the smoke clears out and my high wear out
Ima rip this shit till my bone collapse.
Till the roof comes off, till the lights go out
Till my legs give out, cant shut my mouth.
Till the smoke clears out and my high wear out
Ima rip this shit till my bone collapse.
[Verse #2:]
Music is like magic theres a certain feeling you get when your real
and you spit and people are feeling your shit.
This is your moment and every single minute you spend trying to hold onto it
cause you may never get it again.
So while youre in it try to get as much shit as you can
and when your run is over just admit when its at its end.
Cause Im at the end of my wits with half this shit that gets in.
I got a list heres the order of my list that its in.
It goes, Reggie, Jay-Z, Tupac and Biggie, Andre from Outcast, Jada, Kurupt,
Nas and then me. But in this industry Im the cause of a lot of envy,
so when Im not put on this list the shit does not offend me.
Thats why you see me walk around like nothings bothering me.
Even though half you people got a fucken problem with me.
You hate it but you know respect youve got to give me
The press's wet dream like Bobby and Whitney. Nate hit me.
[Chorus - NateDogg]
[Verse #3:]
Soon as a verse starts I eat it at MCs heart
what is he thinking I'ma not to go against me, smart.
And its absurd how people hang on every word.
Ill probably never get the props I feel I ever deserve
But Ill never be served my spot is forever reserved
If I ever leave earth that would be the death of me first.
Cause in my heart of hearts I know nothing could ever be worse.
Thats why Im clever when I put together every verse
My thoughts are sporadic, I act like Im an addict
I rap like Im addicted to smack like Im Kim Mathers.
But I dont want to go forth and back in constant battles
The fact is I would rather sit back and bump some rappers.
So this is like a full blown attack Im launching at them
The track is on some battling raps who want some static
Cause I dont really think that the fact that Im Slim matters
A plaque of platinum status is whack if Im not the baddest.
[Chorus - NateDogg]
[Outro:]
[Eminem & Natedogg Echo:]
Until the roof
The roof comes off
Until my legs
give out form underneath me
[Eminem:]
I will not fall,
I will stand tall,
Feels like no one could beat me.

_____
[Intro:]
Sometimes you feel tired,
feel weak and, when you feel, you feel like you wanna just give up.
But you gotta search within you, you gotta find that inner strength
and just pull that shit out of you and get that motivation to not give up
and not be a quitter, no matter how bad you wanna just fall flat on your face and collapse.
[B/W Intro:]
Yo left, yo left, yo left right left
Yo left, yo left, yo left right left
Yo left, yo left, yo left right left
Yo left, yo left, yo left right left
[Verse #1:]
Till I collapse I'm spilling these raps long as you feel em
Till the day that I drop you'll never say that I'm not killing them
Cause when I am not then I am stop pinning them
And I am not hip-hop and I'm just not Eminem.
Subliminal thoughts when I'm stop sending them women are caught in webs spin and hauk venom
Adrenaline shots of penicillin could not get the illing to stop. Amoxacilin is just not real
enough.
The criminal cop killing hip-hop filling minimal swap to cop millions of Pac listeners.
Your coming with me, feel it or not you're gonna fear it like I showed you the spirit of god
lives in us.
You hear it a lot, lyrics the shock is it a miracle or am I just a product of pop fizzing up.
For shizzle my whizzle this is the plot listen up you bizzles forgot slizzle does not give a
fuck.
[Chorus - NateDogg]
Till the roof comes off, till the lights go out
Till my legs give out, can't shut my mouth.
Till the smoke clears out and my high burns out
I'ma rip this shit till my bone collapse.
Till the roof comes off, till the lights go out
Till my legs give out, can't shut my mouth.
Till the smoke clears out and my high burn out
I'ma rip this shit till my bone collapse.
[Verse #2:]
Music is like magic there's a certain feeling you get when your real
and you spit and people are feeling your shit.
This is your moment and every single minute you spend trying to hold onto it
cause you may never get it again.
So while you're in it try to get as much shit as you can
and when your run is over just admit when its at its end.
Cause I'm at the end of my wits with half this shit that gets in.
I got a list here's the order of my list that it's in.
It goes, Reggie, Jay-Z, Tupac and Biggie, Andre from Outcast, Jada, Kurupt,
Nas and then me. But in this industry I'm the cause of a lot of envy,
so when I'm not put on this list the shit does not offend me.
That's why you see me walk around like nothing's bothering me.
Even though half you people got a fucken problem with me.
You hate it but you know respect you've got to give me
The press's wet dream like Bobby and Whitney. Nate hit me.
[Chorus - NateDogg]
[Verse #3:]
Soon as a verse starts I eat it at MC's heart
what is he thinking? I'ma not to go against me, smart.
And its absurd how people hang on every word.
I'll probably never get the props I feel I ever deserve
But I'll never be served my spot is forever reserved
If I ever leave earth that would be the death of me first.
Cause in my heart of hearts I know nothing could ever be worse.
That's why I'm clever when I put together every verse
My thoughts are sporadic, I act like I'm an addict
I rap like I'm addicted to smack like I'm Kim Mathers.
But I don't want to go forth and back in constant battles
The fact is I would rather sit back and bomb some rappers.
So this is like a full blown attack I'm launching at them
The track is on some battling raps who want some static
Cause I don't really think that the fact that I'm Slim matters
A plaque of platinum status is whack if I'm not the baddest.
[Chorus - NateDogg]
[Outro:]
[Eminem & Natedogg Echo:]
Until the roof
The roof comes off
Until my legs
give out from underneath me
[Eminem:]
I will not fall,
I will stand tall,
Feels like no one could beat me.

_____
Hold me closer tiny dancer
Count the headlights on the highway
Lay me down in sheets of linen
You had a busy day (today)
Hold me closer tiny dancer
Count the headlights on the highway
Lay me down in sheets of linen
You had a busy day (today)

_____
[Women Singing:]
Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight
[Verse 1:]
I'm getting mad love, I'm snuggling hugs
Druggling thugs, smuggling drugs, juggling jobs, guzzling jugs
So here's a toast to federal checks
Hetero sex, unaffordable medical debts, huh
We travel in packs and ravel in facts and gravel in cracks
To find babbling Max, gaffling tracks
I grapple an axe for them baffling acts
The mysterious stab in the backs who dabble in wax
Still in my yard when I sculpted the culprit
The tall shit that will end up with his skull split
Then I buried the hatchet, I carried on my back
Butterfingers is here and it's necessary to scratch it
Baby all I wanna do is swallow one and two
Smoke a little bit and follow one of you
Back home when the party ends
So tonight I'm dropping naughty hints
To the finest women in the audience
[Chorus:]
[Women Singing:]
Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight (blends in with lyrics)
[Eminem:]
Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright
Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright
[Verse 2:]
Ayo, biters are like tarantulas, vandealous
Living as scandalous as a television evangelist
But I can handle this, I'm the rhyme biter crime fighter
Caped crusader, taking care of undeserving lime lighters
I think a living never meant for me
Experimentally I found a way to spread interamentally
When I stumbled upon this resolution
By using a special fusion of chemical solution for this resolution
You couldn't see me with binoculars
I armed like an octopus
Step on stage and you get socked and pushed
Talking that junk like you went black, guarded your back
Come battle me and you get smacked as hard as you act
When I rap I represent it and will never referee in it
Every minute so when I win it you never resent it
I'm forever demented, come up with funk, I'll never be scented
You got the point when I cleverly said it
[Chorus:]
[Women Singing:]
Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight (blends in with lyrics)
[Eminem:]
Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright
Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright
[Verse 3:]
Eminem is heading skyward
For those who thought that I would make you bored and treat you like a piece
of plywood
I've got miracle lyrical capability all in me
With the agility to escape a killer bee colony
So get your cameras and capture how miraculous
I rap for all you Draculas and showed you all how whack you was
I meant it as a dis, cause you don't posses the pizzazz as this
I'm hazardous enough already as it is
Without you adding fuel to the fire
I'm cruel to the liar
Who fails to recognize my reign of hell, rule to the sire
Clinical studies show that I'm cynical
There's no one who's identical to my fresh and authentic flow
I'm sure the party people can agree
That I'm enchanting, with the romantic
Freaking the vocals so frantically
So throw your hands up in the atmosphere
And let them know the only party that was phat was here, just be like
[Chorus:]
[Women Singing:]
Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight (blends in with lyrics)
[Eminem:]
Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright
Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright

_____
Hey! hey, stop, hey. please stop, fuck stop!
Thank god you stopped.
Fuck, my fucking on star isn't working,  I left my fucking phone at home!
God, I've been standing out here for like, an hour I'n soaking wet, freezing
Thank you so much. really, you're a life-saver What are you doing?
Fucking! get away from me! what the fuck! fuckin asshole!
Get away from me you motherfucker! get away!
Get away you fuckin freak! get away from me!
Goddamit fuck! help me!

_____
yea this is a song about a trgic ending......
yea i was like 15 when it happend
by best buddy dave saw it and started clappin
he said it was good but u need some practice
it was my 1st freestyle i was rappin
now i been hated by many for the skills i possess
but before i get put to rest im gonna give you the best
because you bought my shit  america is my bitch
and all my

_____
( 1, 2, 3, 4!!!!)
tRiCk oR TrEaT
TrIcK Or tReAt
GiVE Me SoMeThInG GoOd tO EaT,
If u dOnT SmElL MY FeEt
TrIcK Or TrEaT
tRiCk oR tReAt
HeLlO Ya'Ll
im from new zealand and kiss my @$$ thanku!!!

_____
Chorus: repeat 2X
Trife thieves we can't be trusted
step into my clique the wrong way
and get your motherfucking dome busted
We got cement shoes for all you damn snitches
We ain't just shooting niggaz
we buckin bitches
[Bizarre]
My fully loaded nine will shoot throguh your metal door
Have ya nigga's far and out like white kids at grocery stores(AHHHH)
Battle bizarre and its just to deadly
Even a rapper with a legion who met me still could forget me
If i don't get all my fucking dough
Ya'll gonna see more fights and spits then the Jerry Springer show
Cause I'm a nasty, dirty, filthy bitch
But ????? even a basshead with AIDS would suck my dick
Cause I'm quick to snatch a nigga out his polo
I'm the reason nigga's come ten deep and end up leavig solo
Meet losing ya'll nigga's must be bugging
We can battle for ten minutes and let your cousins be the judges
I'm the illest rapper to come out thus far
I'll shoot anybody even the bitch who gave me CPR
Step to the Outz and end up getting burned
Fuck around and get raped like one of Bill Clinton's interns
[Eminem]
I'll shove a gun in ya grill greasy and heated
smothered in hot mustard
so when I feed it to you it's easy to eat it
You need to be immediately treated while you breathin
or you'll be leaving the recevin room this eveing with Jesus
You hate on us and we'll be waitin on eight corners swarmin ya hood
With a thousand angry skateboarders (c'mon)
I hop in a jeep and slam on the gas and charge you
and bombard you in the car that your mom bought you
Fuck around and get choked and found in a moat
Flotin around drowned face down in a boat
I'll pile five dudes in a pinto and pull up
to the 7 Mile drive-through at McDonald's and piledrive you
I got the power to snatch a motherfucker out of his car
When he drives by me at 90 mph
This place is my house I might as well erase my face with white out
cause y'all can't see me like Mase's eyebrows
[Fuzz]
I'm dressed to please sucking nips, yeah, she get it
The same way that I fucked the chick
Stuck my hands in her panties like bitch suck my dick
87 freak 187 heat the passion rolls I'm passing clothes
You like it in the ass is what I'm askin hoes
Aren't you Fuzz he has more whores then ????
I love you baby if I'm not with you then I'm blastin foes
Telepathly harrasing foes
I know your little sister is four-teen but her ass can grow
Ice-berg took down Titantic elastical
Given my fans the exact shit they asking for
Fuzz Scooter fucking one man bout to show you passing one blunt
Bitch we passing four
I rode your ass and smoked take one pull and smoke your head up
I'll send you to tell 2Pac to keep his head up
I went to the fighting really Canibus who can get up
I knew this shit was over from the fucking blood that he spit up
Ran a couple more miles should have done more sit-ups
I want his dumb ass to jump up bitch and get lit up
Call your bitch like bitch come and pick this bitch up
On battle you be sweeter then I get this shit up
I'll stomp you too you get up
Or stomp you to the cops come
Eighty nigga's came when your fucking block got dumb
(Chorus) x2

_____
Eminem: Aite
Fred Durst: Check! Slim Shady, do the mic. kid
(Eminem)
I don't do black music
I don't do Withe music
I make fight music
For High School kids
I pull side full grips 
When I drive like this {screech}
With a slipped disk
From a Limp Bizkit diss
I just missed the gift list for Christmas gifts
So I get pissed and can't pick which wrist to slit
Little rich kids in cribs
Don't attempt this shit 
Just step back
While I prep up to pimp this bitch
So I said to the girl, I'm like
"What up girl?"
"Shut up girl!"
And showed her a cut-up squirrel
She screamed bloody murder so loud everybody heard her
Slapped me in the mouth and called me a nutty murderer
I moved on to two blondes 
And kissed 'em on a futon
{Ay yo baby!}
{What do you want?!}
I looked at 'em both and I was like
"Look, check this out toots, I'm lookin' for cookie pus"
I need to speak to 'em immediately
They played my video on MTV last week
And just when I was thinkin' I was all that and then some
In comes Fred Durst
(Fred Durst)
Yo Shady let me get some
Who knows what galaxy I came from
One where a bass drum hung from my high chair 
Now I'm a nightmare
You stay right there
I got the diva 
Hold the flavor of a single
See me and Shady?
I think we got a lock down
Shocked by the sound
I got you cruisin' with your top down
These two blondes
I offered 'em both a drink
And this you would think
Could get the party started
But instead them girls turned their heads
Opened up their mouths
Smelt like somebody farted
So if it's time for me to move on
Shady said the livin' room was a dance floor
So turn me loose
I was cuttin' the rug with this chick
Bumped into this dude who was drunk
And a prick 
Ramblin' on about how
He was gonna kill me
Wow!
I spilled a drink on his shirt
But no- He insisted we should go
Before I could drop 'em
Shady had to clock 'em
The music stopped
The party stood in shock
So I looked around
Grabbed the cutest girl and did the smurf
Turn me loose
Turn me loose
Turn me loose
Turn me loose
This party's goin' my way
Or no way at all
But don't you 
Turn me loose
Turn me loose
Turn me loose
This party's goin' my way
Or no way at all
(Eminem)
Turn me loose
You better tell 'em to come re-shingle the roof
Just keep feedin' me free drinks till I puke
And Fred'll ask me to lead sing in his group
I'm sick at the barn
I'm not bein' approached
Cuz Fred's over there stealin' all of my hoes
{Yo Fred save me some}
I walked up to these saimese twins
And asked to have a threesome
Told 'em two heads are better that one
Plus I respect how y'all roll together as one
Got a slap in the teeth and a kick in the groin 
Stood up like "Ay wait, where you goin" {bye!}
Oh well
Three strikes and I'm out
I struck out and stood tied to the road {ouch} 
I ain't tryin' no more
Fuck it- I'm chillin'
Get a shot of yable {ahhh}
Fell asleep on the ceiling 
(Fred Durst)
Who knows what galaxy I came from
One where a bass drum hung from my high chair 
Now I'm a nightmare
You stay right there
I got the diva 
Hold the flavor of a single
See me and Shady?
I think we got a lock down
Shocked by the sound
I got you cruisin' with your top down
These two blondes
I offered 'em both a drink
And this you would think
Could get the party started
But instead them girls turned their heads
Opened up their mouths
Smelt like somebody farted
So if it's time for me to move on
Shady said the livin' room was a dance floor
So turn me loose
I was cuttin' the rug with this chick
Bumped into this dude who was drunk
And a prick 
Ramblin' on about how
He was gonna kill me
Wow!
I spilled a drink on his shirt
Turn me loose
Turn me loose
Turn me loose
Turn me loose
This party's goin' my way
Or no way at all
But don't you 
Turn me loose
Turn me loose
Turn me loose
This party's goin' my way
Or no way at all

_____
Two Of You
(Track 12 on "Rotator")
Why tell me why
There's a river to cry tonight
Oh why
Try don't you try
You can never deny what's right
Don't you try
Look at me
Caught
In your mystery
I'm giving twice the feeling
And I'm not receiving
Now my head is turning
And my eyes are burning
It's the truth I'm learning
What am I to do
With two of you
Why tell me why
There's a river to cry tonight
Oh why
Try don't you try
You can never deny what's right
Don't you try
I can see
You made a fool of me
And you've been double dealing
This is so revealing
Which of you is Mary
I can't tell it can't be
You've both been deceiving
What am I to do
With two of you

_____
Slim mother fuckin shady....alright
missy elliot, Timbo, c'mon, yo
Verse 1:
I'm homicidal, and suicidal, with no friends
holdin a gun with no handles, just a barrel at both ends
sprayin techs at you
untill u see the fuckin legs full of bullets holes and the exit wounds layin next to you.
fuckin mad dog, foamin out the mouth
fuck mouth, my whole house is foamin out the couch
jumped outta a 93 floor of a buildin
and shot every window out on the way to the ground(keep filmin)
woke up to a hospital staff
got up and laughed
chopped em in half
and sufficated your oxygen mask
if i get any higher ima get the east and west beefin again
fly back to detroit and stand in the cross-fire
(Ken Kaniff's voice) oh fuck...oh shit
i got the ?? ready
what time are you gettin off.....work
or shall i say
what time are you comin over
Verse 2:
yo, yo, im only smilin when im violent,
got on the plane wylin,
told the piolet to fly me to tylenol Island
stewardess like "you restless?"
"no bitch, im rest-Full, so hold this fuckin jet still so i can eat this pretzels"
Forget school,
the other kids are disrespectfull,
they hold me down and play connect-the-dots with my freckles
i can't take it
i'm tryin to gain weight,
so i eat steak
and swallow the whole plate
and weigh myself, naked
without albulms
to teach kids family values
cuz every mom and dad should allo you to pop vaiulums
and never hit sum 1 unless you got a reason
and if there ain't a reason
make 1 up and just start swingin

_____
[Chorus One]
{Just pull the plug!}
People say that I'm a bad influence
I say the world's already fucked, I'm just addin to it
They say I'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol {c'mon!}
C'mon do as I do, go ahead get mad and do it
{Just pull the plug!}
People say that I'm a bad influence
I say the world's already fucked, I'm just addin to it
They say I'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol {c'mon!}
C'mon do as I do, go ahead get mad and do it
{Just let it gooo!}
[Eminem]
Hand me an .8, beam me up and land me in space
I'ma sit on top of the world {I'm here} and shit on Brandy and Mase
I'm more than ill
I'm scarier than a white journalist in a room with Lauryn Hill {Ahh!}
Human horror film
but with a lot funnier plot, and people that feel me
cause I'ma still be Madd Rapper, whether I got money or not {yup}
As long as I'm on pills, and I got plenty of pot
I'll be in a canoe paddlin, makin fun of your yacht
But I would like an award
for the best rapper to get one mic in The Source
and a wardrobe I can afford
Otherwise I might get sent up back-strike in a Ford
And you wonder what the fuck I need more Vicadin for
Everybody's pissin' me off; even the No Limit Tank
looks like a middle finger sideways flippin me off
No shit I'm a great danger to my health
Why else would I kill you then jump in the grave and bury myself?
[Chorus Two]
{Just pull the plug!}
People say that I'm a bad influence
I say the world's already fucked, I'm just addin to it
They say I'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol {c'mon!}
C'mon do as I do, go ahead get mad and do it
{Just let it gooo!}
People say that I'm a bad influence
I say the world's already fucked, I'm just addin to it
They say I'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol {c'mon!}
C'mon do as I do, go ahead get mad and do it
{Just do it!}
[Eminem]
I'm the illest rapper to hold the cordless, patrollin corners
Looking for hookers to punch in the mouth with a roll of quarters
I'm meaner in action than Roscoe beatin James Todd Sr.
across the back with vacuum cleaner attachments {Ow! Ow! Ow!}
I grew up in a wild hood, as a hazardous youth
with a fucked up childhood, that I used as an excuse
And ain't shit changed, I kept the same mindstate
since the third time that I failed 9th grade
You probably think that I'm a negative person, don't be so sure of it
I don't promote violence, I just encourage it {c'mon}
I laugh at the sight of death
as I fall down a cement flight of steps {ahhhhhhhh!}
and land inside a bed of spider webs
So throw caution to the wind; you and a friend
can jump off of a bridge and if you live, do it again
Shit, why not, blow your brain out, I'm blowin mine out
Fuck it, you only live once, you might as well die now!
[Chorus Three]
{Just let it gooo!}
People say that I'm a bad influence
I say the world's already fucked, I'm just addin to it
They say I'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol {c'mon!}
C'mon do as I do, go ahead get mad and do it
{Just pull the plug!}
People say that I'm a bad influence
I say the world's already fucked, I'm just addin to it
They say I'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol {c'mon!}
C'mon do as I do, go ahead get mad and do it
{Just do it!}
[Eminem]
My laser disc gon' make you take a razor to your wrist
Make you satanistic, make you take the pistol to your face
and place the clip and cock it back
and let it go until your brains are rippin out
your skull so bad to sew you back would be a waste of stitches
I'm not a "Role Model," I don't wanna babysit kids
I got one little girl, and Hailey Jade is Shady's business
And Shady's just an alias I made to make you pissed off
Where the fuck were you when Gil was paid to make me dishwash?
I make a couple statements and now look how crazy shit got
You made me get a bigger attitude than eighty Kim Scott's
And she almost got the same fate that Grady's bitch got
I knew that "Just the Two of Us" would make you hate me this much
And "Just the Two of Us," that ain't got shit to do with us
and our personal life, it's just words on a mic
So you can call me a punk, a pervert or a chauvinist pig
But the funny shit is that I still go with the bitch!
[Chorus Two]

_____
[Eminem]
Translation
So you can suck my dick if you don't like, my shit
Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck, my dick - ha ha!
Two pills I pop, 'til my pupils swell up like two pennies
I'm Clint Eastwood in his mid-twenties
A young ass man with a trash can strapped to the back of his ass
so the rats can't chew through his last pants
I'm like a mummy at night, fightin with bright lightning
Frightened with five little white Vicadin pills bitin him
I'm like a fuckin wasp in the hospital lost
Stingin the fuck outta everything I come across in the halls
I light a candle and place it up on the mantle
Grab a knife at the blade and stab you with the fuckin handle
So when you find yourself wrapped up in the blinds, hurtin
[Swifty] Bitch it's too late
[Eminem] Cause once you're hung from the drapes, it's curtains
[Swifty]
I'm an instigator, .380 slug penetrator
Degradin, creatin murders to kill haters
Accused for every crime known through the equator
They knew I did it (uh-huh) for havin blood on my 'gators
My weed'll hit yo' chest like a double barrel gauge an'
I'm a black grenade that'll blow up in yo' face [*BLAM*]
With a fifth in me, when I guzzle Remi I do shit on purpose
You never hear me say, "Forgive me"
I'm snatchin every penny - it gotta be that way nigga, face it
That weed I sold to you, Brigade laced it
You hidin, I make the president get a facelift
Niggaz just afraid, handin me they bracelets
Chillin in the lab wasted
I'm the type that'll drink Kahlua and gin - throw up on the mic
Your life is ruined, you get socked right on site
And even at the Million Man March, we gon' fight
[Chorus: Eminem]
So you can suck my dick if you don't like, my shit
Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck, my dick
Cause I don't give a fuck if you don't like, my shit
Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck, my dick
[Bizarre]
I'm a compulsive liar, settin my preacher on fire
Slashin your tires, flyin down Fenkel and Meyers
Plates expired, soon as I'm hired, I'm fired
Jackin my dick off in a bed of barbed wire
(Hey, is Bizarre performing?) Bitch didn't you read the flyer?
Special invited guest will be, Richard Pryor
(Aren't you a male dancer?) Nah bitch, I'm retired
Fuckin your bitch in the ass with a tire iron
I'm ripped, I'm on an acid trip
My DJ's in a coma for lettin the record skip.. [*needle pops*]
Lettin the record skip.. [*needle pops*]
Lettin the record skip.. [*needle pops*] (Damn!)
[*DJ reverses the record and scratches it back on beat*]
I'm fuckin anything when I'm snortin
It's gonna cost 300 dollars to get my pit bull an abortion
[*dog whines*] Some bitch asked for my autograph
I called her a whore, spit beer in her face and laughed
I drop bombs like I was in Vietnam
All bitches is hoes, even my stinkin ass mom
[Proof]
Aiyyo flashback, two feets, two deep up in that ass crack
Weed laced with somethin [*gun cocks*] nigga pass that
In Amsterdam we only hang out with hash rats
At a 'Stop the Violence' rally, I blast gats
Be your mom on publishin, get your ASCAP-ped
The Kuniva, divide up your cash stack
Run your motherfuckin pockets, ASAP
I don't need a platinum chain, bitch I snatch Shaq's
Born loser, half theif and half black
Bring your boys and your guns and get laughed at
Bitch smacker, rich rappers get they Jag jacked
and found chopped up in a trash bag
[Kuniva]
We stranglin rappers until the point they can't yell
cause they crew is full of fags and sweeter than bake sales
Reckless, come from behind and snatch your necklace
Gruesome, and causin more violence than nine hoodlums
I grapple your adam's apple until it crackle
Run right past you, turn around, grab you and stab you
Get executed, cuz I'm a "Luni"
I got a "Yukmouth" and it's polluted
I cock it back then shoot it
I love snatchin up players thugs and young ballers
Shoot up the household, even the young toddlers
Brigade barricade to bring the noise
While the bullets break your bones up like Christmas toys
If I go solo, I'm doin a song with Bolo
A big Chinese nigga, screamin "Kuniva yo yo.."
I leave ya face leakin, run up in church
and smack the preacher while he's preachin
Take a swing at the deacon
[Kon Artis]
I used to tell cats I sold weed and weight
I was straight 'til I got caught sellin em shake
I'm ignorant, with the intent to snatch your rent
I got kicked out of summer camp for havin sex in my tent
with the superintendent's daughter, my brain's out of order
I've been a Kon Artis since I was swimmin in water
In cahoots with this nigga named Carlisle Von
who got fired from UPS for tryin to send you a bomb
(Special delivery!) I signed to a local label for fun
Say I got cancer, get dropped, take the advancement and run
Driveby you in the rain while you carry your son
Call your house and hang up on you for not givin me none
Born straight up out a pussy but a son of a gun
Got a reputation for havin niggaz runnin they funds
Used to be the type of nigga that was foldin some one's
'til I met your fat mama, now I'm rollin in dough
[Chorus]
[Eminem]
Haha.. suck my motherfuckin dick
D-12.. Dirty motherfuckin Dozen
Nasty like a stank slut bitch with thirty fuckin husbands
Bizarre kid
Swifty McVeigh
The Kon Artis
The Kuniva
Dirty Harry
Haha, and Slim Shady..

_____
If tears are unspoken words,
then of course I come to you for a source,
but I aint have even one verse,
just suck it up and make the best of the worst,
even hearse after hearse,
if you come to me then suck it up G,
what up homie don't cry your not the one and only,
what im sayin isn't phony,
believe in me and then you owe me,
now show me I got the strength,
to withstand any length of tension,
my words will put you in suspension,
so don't even mention,
anything thing that puts you into depression,
get by this world by a session of a lesson,
that will keep you guessin,
just sit up there fessin and fessin,
about how your less than the best then,
I keep telling ya again and again,
I wouldn't lend ya life,
I rather stab ya with a knife
im a crazy lunatic for life
this is alittle thing i wrote...

_____
Faded voice - Fuck yeah...
Eminem: YEAHH!
Loyd Banks: Oh shit, its the Evil Genius
Eminem: Green Lantern
Loyd Banks: Yea... Hey yo Em, what do we call this shit right here?
Eminem: The Invasion
Loyd Banks: You had part 1, we got part 2, now its part 3, the final chapter mother fucker
Eminem: armeggedon; lets go
I got a riddle, what's little and talks big
with midget arms and creamy white filling in the middle
that'll do anything to throw dirt on my name
if it means walking the whole Mediterranean
is he an Albanian, Armenian, Iranian, Tazmanian,
No he's name's Raymond and oh, oh sorry yo
So sorry wow, but that was a long time ago
When I was just Joe Shmo, rapping in Joe Blow's basement
I apologized fo? it before, so
Either accept it or you don't
And let's move on, if I aint shown that I've grown
Then get the bone, keep licking these nuts,
You industry mutts, keep walking around sniffing each other's butts
Or should I say asses?
What would be the more politically correct term to use for the masses?
Loyd Banks: Hold up, hold up, hold up
New York City man, its the kid Loyd Banks
if you hearin' what I'm hearin right now, you know this ain't no regular shit homie,
this something special and we gota bring this shit back, Green comon!
I got a riddle, what's little and talks big
with midget arms and creamy white filling in the middle
that'll do anything to throw dirt on my name
if it means walking the whole Mediterranean
is he an Albanian, Armenian, Iranian, Tazmanian,
No he's name's Raymond and oh, oh sorry yo
So sorry wow, but that was a long time ago
When I was just Joe Shmo, rapping in Joe Blow's basement
I apologized fo? it before, so
Either accept it or you don't
And let's move on, if I aint shown that I've grown
Then get the bone, keep licking these nuts,
You industry mutts, keep walking around sniffing each other's butts
Or should I say asses?
What would be the more politically correct term to use for the masses?
The question I ask is..
How can I explain this?
How can I swing this, in English language?
If I switch to slang and turn mayn to mayn
do I do it in vein, or simply to entertain?
Am I being real or am I being fake
Am I just a fraud or am I truly genuine
Or am I caught up in this hot water
Woady on my daughter I told you I love this culture
don't let em insult ya, I'ma tell you one more ?gain
this is the environment I was brought up ?in
but every now and ?then, I use my ?pen
to get rid of some frustration, or should I say shon
this is just another one of my subliminal ways to racism
you're face is numb, you're stunned you look as cold
like that of a man who's 70 some years old
and it only gets colder, which is why I understand
it can't be mad at a forty four fan
with a chip on his shoulder
who only owns half of a magazine, and the only way to have it seen
is to put me on the front of it again
only think that makes him grin, is to see me frown
papa can't stand me, papa needs to take his medication and sit the fuck down
in his new chair that goes round and round
that he bought from new money of his bank account
that I get him every issue when the thang comes out
sit back and let his puffy clown hair come out
and let his black side arm wrestle his white side
yell apartheid loud enough that he might slide
he might find someone dumb enough who might ride
but aint nobody over here buying two white guys
disguised as pro-black there's no slack for a Hartford college grad.
In a fitted hat and a hunch bag, standing by the clearance coat rack
And some RSO throwbacks, yeah
Shady in the place to be seen and I got what it takes to rock the mic RIGHT
Still knockin' a K to these punks, fuckin' cocksuckin' pussy lips hatin' mixed cunts!

_____
Look, if you had one shot, one opportunity
To seize everything you ever wanted
One moment
Would you capture it or just let it slip
His plams are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy
There's vomit on his sweater already, mom's spaghetti
He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready
To drop bombs, but he keeps on forgetting
What he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loud
He opens his mouth, but the words won't come out
He's chokin, how everybody's jokin now
The clocks run out, times up over, bloah!
Snap back to reality, Oh there goes gravity
Oh, there goes Rabbit, he choked
He's so mad, but he won't give up that easy
No
He won't have it , he knows his whole back's to these ropes
It dont matter, he's dope
He knows that, but he's broke
He's so stacked that he knows
When he goes back to his mobile home, thats when it's
Back to the lab again yo
This whole rap city
He better go capture this moment and hope it don't pass him
HOOK: (x2)
You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime
The souls escaping, through this hole that its gaping
This world is mine for the taking
Make me king, as we move toward a, new world order
A normal life is borin, but superstardoms close to post mortem
It only grows harder, only grows hotter
He blows us all over these hoes is all on him
Coast to coast shows, he's known as the globetrotter
Lonely roads, God only knows
He's grown farther from home, he's no father
He goes home and barely knows his own daughter
But hold your nose cuz here goes the cold water
His hoes don't want him no more, he's cold product
They moved on to the next schmoe who flows
He nose dove and sold nada
So the soap opera is told and unfolds
I suppose it's old partner, but the beat goes on
Da da dum da dum da da
HOOK (x2)
No more games, I'ma change what you call rage
Tear this mothafuckin roof off like 2 dogs caged
I was playin in the beginnin, the mood all changed
I been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage
But I kept rhymin and stepwritin the next cypher
Best believe somebody's payin the pied piper
All the pain inside amplified by the fact
That I can't get by with my 9 to 5
And I can't provide the right type of life for my family
Cuz man, these goddam food stamps don't buy diapers
And it's no movie, theres no Mekhi Phifer, this is my life
And these times are so hard and it's getting even harder
Tryin to feed and water my seed, plus
See dishonnor caught up bein a father and a prima donna
Baby mama drama screamin on and
Too much for me to wanna
Stay in one spot, another jam or not
Has gotten me to the point, I'm like a snail
I've got to formulate a plot or I end up in jail or shot
Success is my only mothafuckin option, failure's not
Mom, I love you, but this trailer has got to go
I cannot grow old in Salems lot
So here I go its my shot.
Feet fail me not cuz maybe the only opportunity that I got
HOOK
You can do anything you set your mind to, man

_____
Hey Slim,
U want a pill 2 pop
eh slim u listening 2 me
GODDAMMIT
Hi how big is ure fanny can i fit a whole Grammy inside
and hide 2 fists for  days
girl i know these questions are gay but i jus gotta know
before i let this big dick flow
turning up to a show and i dont know who the fucks playing
or wot it is theyre sayin
all i know is this uzis for spraying on S Club Juniors
and i would rather have tumours all over my brain
or get hit by cars, trucks, and trains
than listen to this shit!
and if u dont like this track then u can skip
(eminem)
The Feds are cuming but i cant be assed running
im so weeded that i cant stop mumbling
I feel like im constantly tumbling
Jus because ure royal doesent mean that  can rumble
remember always be loyal to people that treat u the same
cause theyll have ure back when ve jus got beat up and ure in pain
FUCK THAT SHIT IM DISSIN EVEYBODY!
Fuck this Beat
Fuck ure Song
Fuck this Life
Its goin on to long

_____
~Lil' Kim~
Oh uh oh uh yea
I dont think yall ready for this one
The Queen Bee knockout collabo'
And if ya don't know, now ya know
~Ray J~
I been workin all day (and now it's on)
Pull up and don't pay (when the line is long)
Girls in the club (you wanna fuck)
Ice grillin these thugs (I wanna thong)
Is it cause I'ma shine (major ice)
I'm talkin about blind ya (like Vegas lights)
Never on the scene (without my team)
Cali sticky green (know what I mean)
It's on and poppin
The DJ's rockin
Chickens is watchin
It's on tonight
You had a long day yo
Buy the champ by the caseload
Pockets full of pesos
It's on tonight oh
~Chorus~
Wait a minute (oh wait a minute)
Oh wait a minute (oh wait a minute hey hey hey)
Girl wait a minute
Oh wait a minute (oh wait a minute)
Oh wait a minute (oh wait a minute hey hey hey)
Yo you know the words say it (wait a minute)
~Ray J~
I been workin all day (and now it's on)
Pull up and don't pay (when the line is long)
Girls in the club (you wanna fuck)
Ice grillin these thugs (I wanna thong)
Is it cause I'ma shine (major ice)
I'm talkin about blind ya (like Vegas lights)
Never on the scene (without my team)
Cali sticky green (know what I mean)
So much you go through
Only problems know you
Let's party like we supposed to
It's on tonight
There's not a righter way
You've had a tired day
Let's party the night away
It's on tonight
~Chorus~
Wait a minute (oh wait a minute)
Oh wait a minute (oh wait a minute hey hey hey)
Girl wait a minute
Oh wait a minute (oh wait a minute)
Oh wait a minute (oh wait a minute hey hey hey)
Yo you know the words say it (wait a minute)
~Lil' Kim~
Blaw tadow, watch out now, uh-huh
It's the little one and I'm not Bow Wow
You got trees roll it up
You a G throw it up
Nigga slipped me his number in a note
I tore it up
Oh wait a minute they playin that shit slow it up
What you outta Cris
Fuck it Mo it up
Ya'll just rookies
Poppin on the scene
Careful how ya'll talk cuz we pop them things
Ya'll see us on the TV
Rappin and actin
Yup uh-huh look a little closer
Yea that's us Millennium Testarosa
People takin pictures
Blowin our cover
Papirotzi gonna get you one way or another
Wait a minute ain't that Brandy's little brother
Straight from the East side
And that's how I ride
Here's another one
Ray J
Tell em where you from
~Ray J~
In the land of women
Sunny days chrome spinnin
Juice and ginin
It's on tonight
And true you're another one
Representin where you from
Sex you're gettin some
It's on tonight
~Chorus~
Wait a minute (oh wait a minute)
Oh wait a minute (oh wait a minute hey hey hey)
Girl wait a minute
Oh wait a minute (oh wait a minute)
Oh wait a minute (oh wait a minute hey hey hey)
Yo you know the words say it (wait a minute)

_____
I trace the lines that run down your face
Pouring you in, into disgrace.
I'll sit back as you leave like this,
I get pulled into things I miss.
I am here trying to explain,
It's been so long I can't complain.
About the things you said you'd hate,
I don't perfer it, but I can't wait.
No rest for the weary,
No sleep for the tired and the distressed.
I guess, there's too much hate,
There's so much I can't wait.
And I'll wait, I'm still in love like this.
And I guess, it's impossible to miss.
Like the back of my neck,
I'm feeling the strain,
Of living without,
Inside of hate.
Will you wait for me?
Or will you call my name?
Will you wait for me?

_____
[Eminem]
Yo, speed racer, 97' burgundy Blazer
Wanted for burglary, had to ditch the mercury tracer
I'm on some low ish,
I'm fed up wit the being broke ish
I'm not to joke wit
Bitch, I don't sell crack, I smoke it
My brains dusted; I'm disgusted at all my habits
Too many asprin tablets and empty medicine cabinets
Loosing battles to wack rappers 'cause I'm always too blunted
Walkin' up in the cypher smokin', talkin' like, "Who want it?"
Thug and crook; every drug in the book I've done it
My 9's at your frame,is that your chain? Run it
Who wants to die of an overdose of excessive flavor?
Aggressive nature got me stickin' you for your Progressive pager
Spectacular, battle rap manufacturer
Stole your mom's Acura, wrecked it, then sold it back to her
( Right right right ! ! ! ) (( Ding ! ! ! ))
The doctors you'll need after our battle are known as psychiatrics
I'll tell the nurses to hold a bed for you,
and I'ma make sure you come back for it
So barricade your infants, put up some extra fences
A woman beater, wanted for repeated sex offenses ( Ooh )
..Take em' on long vacation trips
Kidnappin' em' and trappin' em' in abusive relationships
Mess up your face and lips
Slit your stomach and watch your gut split
Gut you wit that razor that I use to shave my nuts wit ((Laughter))
Mama don't you cry, your son's too far gone
I'm so high, I don't even know what label I'm on
I'm messed up, feelin' like an over worked plumber
I'm sick of the crap, what's Dr. Kevorkian's phone number? ( Ha.. Hot )

_____
[Intro: 50 Cent]
It's 50 a.k.a Ferrari F-50
Break it down
I got a lot of living to do before I die
And I ain't got tyme to waste
Let's make it
[50 Cent]
You said you a gansta but you neva pop nuttin'
You said you a wanksta and you need to stop frontin'
You ain't a friend of mine, (huh)
You ain't no kin of mine, (nah)
What makes you think that I'ma run up on you with tha nine
We do this all tha tyme, right now we on tha grind
So hurry up and copy and go selling nicks and dimes
Shorty she so fyne, I gotta make her mine
A ass like dat gotta be one of a kind
I crush 'em everytime, punch 'em with every nine
I'm fuckin with they mind
I make 'em press rewind
They know they can't shine if I'm around the rhyme
Been on parole since 94 cuz I commit the crime
I send you my line, I did it three ta nine
If D's ran up in my crib, you know who droppin dimes
[Chorus 2X: 50 Cent]
You said you a gangsta
But you neva pop nuttin
You said you a wanksta
And you need to stop frontin'
You go to the dealership
But you neva cop nuttin'
You been hustlin a long tyme
And you ain't got nuttin
[Verse 2]
Damn Homie, in highskew you was tha man, homie
What tha fuck happened to you?
I got the sickest vendetta, when it come to the chedda
And if you play wit my paper, you gotta meet my berretta
Now shorty think I'ma sweat her, sippin on amoretta
I'm livin once than deada, I know I can do betta
She look good but I know she after my chedda
She tryna get in my pockets, homie and I ain't gonna let her
Be easy, stop tha bullshit, you get your whole crew wet
We in tha club doin' the same ol' two step
Gorilla unit cuz they say we bugged out
Cuz we don't go nowhere without toast we thugged out
[Chorus 2X]
[Verse 3]
Me I'm no monsta, me I'm no gangsta
Me I'm no hitman, me I'm jus me, me
Me I'm no wanksta, me I'm no acta
But it's me you see on your TV
Cuz I hustle baby, this rap shit is so easy
I'm gettin' what you get for a brick to talk greasy
By any means, partner, I got to eat on these streets
If you play me close, for sure I'm gonna pop my heat
Niggas sayin they gon merk 50 how?
We ridin 'round with guns the size of Lil Bow Wow
What you know about AK's and AR 15's?
Equipped with night vision, shell catchers and inf beams, huh
[Chorus 2X]

_____
Uhh, oooooooooooooh baby, baby
Keep it thug, and keep yo' heat, na nah nah nah nah
[Nas]
Now slowly, thinkin of all the things that oppose me
I think of kings who died and rappers out to dethrone me
For they crown they head is cut off, bodies is laid
Dead in the street, it's so fuckin pitiful
First they love you, could be the bitch that even live with you (hoe)
Mad at your riches, now she switched, turned miserable
Cause she wanna dress like Bonnie, Robin and Crystal do
But Crystal's single, Bonnie's broke and her niggaz too (ha)
I can do bad by myself; went from rags to wealth
From Jags to Bentleys to, plenty ass bitches
Can't keep they hands to theyself no more
I'm like, Hugh Hefner, you lesser, you just a
[Chorus]
Wanna be me, you can't you faggot, you bitch
You coward, you clown, you just wanna be down
So you - wanna be me, you bitch, you phony
You clone me, you wanna be son, I'm the one and only
But you - wanna be me, you suckers, you weak
You flunkies, you fake, you couldn't come close on my worst day
But you - wanna be me, I burn you and learn you a lesson
Concernin this mic profession, turn your direction
[Nas]
You can't be me, not in your wildest fantasy
It's childish; should I have to resort to violence?
Pay me a half a million, I'll consult your album
And show you how to stay off my dick
That's the thing I hate the most, can't even call you a man
When you gotta call out my name to get you some

_____
if you had one shot one opportunity
to fight for your country will you fight
or will you go down with no honor
oh his palms are sweaty
guns slippen all ready
there nervous but on the surface
they look calm and ready to drop bombs
While looken at the flag
the whole land goes so loud
everybody openthere ears right now to go check it out but
clock's run out times up over blow
snap back to reality op there goes everybody
they now there whole life is on the line
but it don't matter
the front line goes to the ground
they now there going so down
everybody is screaming now
so the better go capture this moment
and go kill every man they got

_____
[Intro - Eminem]
Remix [echoes]
Lloyd Banks! [echoes]
Ha ha! [echoes]
[Verse 1 - Eminem]
It's like a throne that he dont even own
He wont sit down, given the crown he just throws it around
It's like a joke he's like a king, but he dont rule a thing
He dont want the diamonds, want the gold or want the jewelry
He dont want the fame dont want the lute he's in this for a sport
Runnin suckaz with the competition round the court
He appreciates your support but he aint beggin for it
And you cant love it you can hate it but you cant ignore it
You cant be that ignorant but you can try to sell him short
But you cant fuck with his last joint or the one before it
And he was gonna raise hell like them country boys
And if I'm frontin then you better come confront me for it
[Chorus - Nate Dogg]
This Is The Story Of A Warrior I Kno U Kno It
Tru Warrior Go Ahead Make Some Noise
It aint healthy To Be Makin Niggaz Paranoid
Hit Your Corner Wit More Weapons I Dont Need My Boyz
Im Doin About 120 On The Fast Lane
Kick Back Just Relax Let Me Do My Thang
Dont Give a Fuck About You Suckas Gotta Maintain
Money Power And Respect In This Rap Game
[Verse 2 - Lloyd Banks]
He's straight outta the neighborhood but Niggaz hate
They see you go and eat your dinner off a bigger plate
Your stomachs ache while he's loungin at the big estate
And he hops in a 100 thousands with a Nigga's gate
House with just a bigger gate , houndin him's a big mistake
He wont surrender he'd rather give up a rib to break
Cuz he remember when they wouldnt lend a helpin hand
So he was sittin on green like a Celtic fan
Created a buzz so when you gotta mention his name
When you discuss him the illest playa that's in the game
And he's ridin with Em, 50 cent, Doc and them
G Unit records aint no motherfuckin stoppin them
[Chorus - Nate Dogg]
This Is The Story Of A Warrior I Kno U Kno It
Tru Warrior Go Ahead Make Some Noise
It aint healthy To Be Makin Niggaz Paranoid
Hit Ur Corner Wit More Weapons I Dont Need My Boyz
Im Doin About 120 On The Fast Lane
Kick Back Just Relax Let Me Do My Thang
Dont Give a Fuck About You Suckas Gotta Maintain
Money Power And Respect In This Rap Game
[Verse 3 - 50 Cent]
He's no magician man they can't made somethin outta nothin
So those niggaz from the hood act like we owe em somethin
They talk crazy til we send this nigga in there to fuck em
Ask 'em if theres a problem and they'll say naw its nothin
He's been tryin to help em out, but since they fronted, fuck em
He dont care how they feel theyre makin em love em
He hold it down on his own the kid is really thuggin
He's rich now, he aint change since these Niggaz buggin
He pull a clip everything Niggaz try to buck him
Keep ya pistols on ya hip I show you we aint tuck em
Niggaz say they gon' get at him but they cant touch him
Try to catch em slippin, they creepin and he start bustin
[Chorus - Nate Dogg]
This Is The Story Of A Warrior I Kno U Kno It
Tru Warrior Go Ahead Make Some Noise
It AInt Nothin' To Be Makin' Niggaz Paranoid
Hit Ur Corner Wit More Weapons I Don't Need My Boyz
Im Doin' About 120 On The Fast Lane
Kick Back Just Relax Let Me Do My Thang
Dont Give a Fuck About You Suckas Gotta Maintain
Money Power And Respect In This Rap Game
[Nate Dogg]
I can give you somethin' you can talk about
I can turn this smile upside down
You ain't no G-Unit fuckin' clown
I can take your girl until I turn her out
The bootey layed all out
I can give you fuckin' somethin' to be mad about
And buy her rings and I back out
With my DNA all in her mouth

_____
[Intro - Eminem]
[dj clue kid the hood legend]
Woooo![echoes]
Remix [echoes]
Lloyd Banks! [echoes]
Uh huh [echoes]
Ha ha! [echoes]
[Verse 1 - Eminem]
It's like a throne that he dont even own
He wont sit down, given the crown he just throws it around
It's like a joke he's like a king, but he dont rule a thing
He dont want the diamonds, want the gold or want the jewelry
He dont want the fame dont want the lute he's in it for a sport
Runnin suckaz where theres competition round the court
He appreciates your support but he aint beggin for it
And you cant love it you can hate it but you cant ignore it
You cant be that ignorant but you can try to sell him short
But you cant fuck with his last joint or the one before it
And he was gonna raise hell like them country boys
And if I'm frontin then you better come confront me for it
[Chorus - Nate Dogg]
This Is The Story Of A Warrior I Kno U Kno It
True Warriors Go Ahead N Make Some Noise
It Ain't Healthy To Be Makin' Niggaz Paranoid
Hit Ur Corner Wit More Weapon I Don't Need My Boyz
Im Doin' 120 In The Fast Lane
Kick Back Just Relax Let Me Do My Thang
Dont Give a Fuck About You Suckas Gotta Maintain
Money Power And Respect In This Rap Game
[Verse 2 - Lloyd Banks]
He's straight outta the neighborhood but Niggaz hate
They see you go and eat your dinner off a bigger plate
Your stomachs ache while he's loungin at the big estate
And he hops in a 100 thousand with a Nigga's gate
House with just a bigger gate , houndin him was a big mistake
He wont surrender he'll rather give up a rib to break
Cuz he remembers when they wouldnt lend a helpin hand
So he was sittin on green like a Celtic fan
Created a buzz so when you gotta mention his name
When you discussin' the illest playa that's in the game
And he's ridin with Em, 50 cent, Doc and them
G Unit records aint no motherfuckin stoppin them
[Chorus - Nate Dogg]
This Is The Story Of A Warrior I Kno U Kno It
True Warriors Go Ahead N Make Some Noise
It Ain't Healthy To Be Makin' Niggaz Paranoid
Hit Ur Corner Wit More Weapon I Don't Need My Boyz
Im Doin' 120 In The Fast Lane
Kick Back Just Relax Let Me Do My Thang
Dont Give a Fuck About You Suckas Gotta Maintain
Money Power And Respect In This Rap Game
[Verse 3 - 50 Cent]
He's no magician and he gave me somethin' outta nuthin
So now niggaz from this hood act like we owe em somethin
They talk crazy til we send niggas through there to buck em
Ask 'em if theres a problem and they'll say naw its nothin
He was gonna help em out, but since they fronted, fuck em
He dont care how they feel, they can hate him or love him
He hold it down on his own the kid is really thuggin
He's rich now, he aint change so Niggaz think he buggin
He bullet proof everything in case niggaz try and buff him
Keep Two pistols on this hip I show you where he tuck em
Niggaz say they gon' get at him but they cant touch him
Try to catch em slippin, they creepin and he start bustin
[Gun cock, Gun shot]
[Chorus - Nate Dogg]
This Is The Story Of A Warrior I Kno U Kno It
True Warriors Go Ahead N Make Some Noise
It Ain't Healthy To Be Makin' Niggaz Paranoid
Hit Ur Corner Wit More Weapon I Don't Need My Boyz
Im Doin' 120 In The Fast Lane
Kick Back Just Relax Let Me Do My Thang
Dont Give a Fuck About You Suckas Gotta Maintain
Money Power And Respect In This Rap Game
[Nate Dogg]
I can give you somethin' you can talk about
I can turn your smile upside down
You ain't no G-Unit fuckin' clown
I can take your girl until I turn her out
The booty layed all out
I can give you fuckin' somethin' to be mad about
And buy her rings and I back out
With my DNA all in her mouth.

_____
I don't think you understand,
that what you're doing is not so cool,
you think it's funny to mess with my mind,
don't you?,
you know I like you so you just tease me,
(la la la la la la la)
you give me just enough to hang on and on
CHORUS:
When you're just wasting my time,
you're simply wasting my time,
so quit wasting my time
Oh___, la la la,
do you hear me when I say oh__
la la la la
So let me ask ya somethin',
hmm__, do you think I'm pretty or don't you?,
do you wanna get with me or not?,
and ah__ ya
CHORUS:
And what've you got to say?,
well things have got to change,
see this just isn't right,
I dont wanna have to fight,
and I think I'd better go,
cuz this ain't working out ay'more,
and Im sorry, Im sorry, sorry__,
oh, ah___
Understand,
that what you did was just not so cool,
baby, you're just not that cool,
hmm__ , ohh___

_____
(Thirstin Howl):
I hit harder
Than Forman
Landing both both gloves to a low blow
With no cup
Leave you Speech-less like when Arrested Development broke up
Carry a crow bar for egos that won't budge
Crack skulls
Through helmets
With the penetration of a screw nailed in
Return like I was sending self addressed postage
Throw bricks the size of the Stonehenge
Before battles, we pour blood
And toast, death to wicked infants
Found on the sorceress' doorsteps
Slaughter lamb
And boar's head
Every MC's cause of boredness
And mind bondage
Bronchitis, lung failure
Language unfam-i-liar
Art through a flooded air brush
??? leave craft
Sentences joined with words holding hands
It's a tight squeeze
From where your head will be landing
In exact time flight leaves
Watch this
Watch this
Watch this
Don't watch that, watch this
(Eminem):
Who's arm is this?
I must have cut it off at the pharmacist
And refused to resume my severed prescription of ???
I'm the old man who lives upstairs and starves his pets
And never leaves his house 'cause he thinks his car's possessed
I hate my life
That's why I degrade my wife
Grabbed a paper plate to make a sandwich
And just ate the knife
My mother's screaming 'please heal him, take him straight to Christ'
Meet you on the street and slap you just to break the ice
Made a bomb threat with a fake device
Strip you naked twice, pistol whip you and force you to take advice
And if you catch me bobbin' my head to some bullshit spittin'
I was probably just tryin to shake the lice
Bugs fallin' out of my head
I'm wishin' I was dead
While I'm crawlin out of my bed
Found it red
And my rash is returning
I feel the sensation of burning
Occurring, usually during pain for release in my urine
Screamin' at my shadow 'please quit followin' me'
These pills keep screamin' 'please quit swollin' me'
The devil keeps screamin' 'please get down on one knee'
Took the drugs before the cops ever found them on me
Watch this
Watch this
Watch this
Don't watch that, watch this

_____
Artist : Eminem
Song : Watch Deez (Feat. Thirstin Howl III)
Album :  Heavy Beats Vol. One
Submitted by : Hodinem
[Thirstin Howl]
I hit harder than four men,
Landing both gloves to a low blow with no cup
Leave you Speech-less like when Arrested Development broke up
Carry a crow bar for egos that won't budge
Crack skulls ,through helmets,
with the penetration of a screw ,nailed in,
return like I was sending self addressed postage
Throw bricks the size of the Stonehenge
Before battles we pour blood and toast death to wicked infants
found on the sorceress  ,doorsteps,
Slaughter lamb ,and boar's head
Every MC's cause of boredness and mind bondage
Bronchitis, lung failure
Language unfam-i-liar
Art through a flooded air brush
Road leave craft
Sentences joined with words holding hands
it's a tight squeeze
From where your head will be landing in exact time flight leaves.
Watch deez
Watch deez
Watch deez
Don't watch that, watch deez
[Eminem]
Who's arm is this?
I must have cut it off at the pharmacist
Who refused to renew my seventh presciption of Darvecets[Sorry]
I'm the old man who lives upstairs and starves his pets
And never leaves his house 'cause he thinks his car's possessed
I hate my life
That's why I degrade my wife
Grabbed a paper plate to make a sandwich,and just ate the knife,
My mother's screaming 'please heal and take him straight to Christ'
Meet you on the street and slap you just to break the ice
Made a bomb threat with a fake device
Strip you naked twice, pistol whip you and force you to take advice
And if you catch me bobbin' my head to some bullshit spittin'
I was probably just tryin to shake the lice
bugs fallin' out of my head
I'm wishin' I was dead
While I'm fallin out of my bed
Found it red and my rash is returning
I feel the sensation of burning
Occurring usually during pain for release in my urine
Screamin' at my shadow 'please quit followin' me'
These pills keep screamin' :"please quit swoalloin' me"
The devil keeps screamin':"please get down on one knee"
Took the drugs before the cops ever found them on me.
Watch deez
Watch deez
Watch deez
Don't watch that, watch deez!

_____
"The Way I Am"
Whatever...
Dre, just let it run
Aiyyo turn the beat up a little bit
Aiyyo... this song is for anyone... fuck it
Just shut up and listen, aiyyo...
I sit back with this pack of Zig Zags and this bag
Of this weed it gives me the shit needed to be
The most meanest MC on this - on this Earth
And since birth I've been cursed with this curse to just curse
And just blurt this berserk and bizarre shit that works
And it sells and it helps in itself to relieve
All this tension dispensing these sentences
Getting this stress that's been eating me recently off of this chest
And I rest again peacefully (peacefully)...
But at least have the decency in you
To leave me alone, when you freaks see me out
In the streets when I'm eating or feeding my daughter
Do not come and speak to me (speak to me)...
I don't know you and no,
I don't owe you a motherfucking thing
I'm not Mr. N'Sync, I'm not what your friends think
I'm not Mr. Friendly, I can be a prick
If you tick me my tank is on empty (is on empty)...
No patience is in me and if you offend me
I'm lifting you 10 feet (lifting you 10 feet)... in the air
I don't care who was there and who saw me destroy you
Go call you a lawyer, file you a lawsuit
I'll smile in the courtroom and buy you a wardrobe
I'm tired of all you (of all you)...
I don't mean to be mean but that's all I can be is just me
[Chorus:]
And I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
Radio won't even play my jam
'Cause I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
I don't know it's just the way I am
Sometimes I just feel like my father,
I hate to be bothered
With all of this nonsense it's constant
And, "Oh, it's his lyrical content -
- the song 'Guilty Conscience' has gotten such rotten responses"
And all of this controversy circles me
And it seems like the media immediately
Points a finger at me (finger at me)...
So I point one back at 'em, but not the index or pinkie
Or the ring or the thumb, it's the one you put up
When you don't give a fuck, when you won't just put up
With the bullshit they pull, 'cause they full of shit too
When a dude's getting bullied and shoots up his school
And they blame it on Marilyn (on Marilyn)... and the heroin
Where were the parents at? And look where it's at
Middle America, now it's a tragedy
Now it's so sad to see, an upper class city
Having this happening (this happening)...
Then attack Eminem 'cause I rap this way (rap this way)...
But I'm glad 'cause they feed me the fuel that I need for the fire
To burn and it's burning and I have returned
[Chorus:]
And I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
Radio won't even play my jam
'Cause I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
I don't know it's just the way I am
I'm so sick and tired of being admired
That I wish that I would just die or get fired
And dropped from my label, let's stop with the fables
I'm not gonna be able to top on "My Name is... "
And pigeon-holed into some pop-py sensation
That got me rotation at rock'n'roll stations
And I just do not got the patience (got the patience)...
To deal with these cocky Caucasians who think
I'm some wigger who just tries to be black 'cause I talk
With an accent, and grab on my balls, so they always keep asking
The same fucking questions (fucking questions)...
What school did I go to, what hood I grew up in
The why, the who what when, the where, and the how
'Til I'm grabbing my hair and I'm tearing it out
'Cause they driving me crazy (driving me crazy)... I can't take it
I'm racing, I'm pacing, I stand and I sit
And I'm thankful for every fan that I get
But I can't take a shit, in the bathroom
Without someone standing by it
No I won't sign your autograph
You can call me an asshole I'm glad
[Chorus:]
'Cause I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
Radio won't even play my jam
'Cause I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
I don't know it's just the way I am

_____
[Intro]
Ladies and gentleman
You are now about to witness the strength
Of Aftermath straight out the mothafuckin streets of Compton
Put your hands together for Game b!tch
Hahahaha
Yeah mothafuckas
Compton's back on the mothafuckin map
Aftermath in that ass bitch
Game let's go
[Verse 1 - The Game]
Me and Marshall ain't start shit they listen to our shit
They talk shit about us but that shit is foul when
I'm tryna feed my son and drop multi-platinum albums
Make my mother proud that her son made it out
But its hard when they hate us and think 'em erases
They say shit but fuck them,
Shady one of the greatest like Biggie n' Pac was
We started throwin cinthi and decided to chase 'em
Me, him and 50 racin' this rap shit is basic I followed that Jay shit
Thinkin what I wanna say, step in the booth in one take and
How could I not sell a million when I'm rappin' on Dre hits
Then spit that classical LA, NWA shit
The media is bullshit now we can't even say bitch
They accusin Michael of touchin kids in the wrong places
At first they embraced him, had a couple of face lifts
Now people wanna place him with murderers and rapists
They comin' I can taste this swear to God I ain't racin'
Put the clip in and wast 'em before I go out on that fake shit
I'm so sick and tired this black shit this white shit
So I sit here and write shit, Em they ain't gon' like this
[Chorus:]
[The Game]
So they callin us
We ain't goin no where so fuck you
We ain't goin no where so fuck you
[Eminem]
This day the game won't ever be the same
[Dre]
Things just ain't the same for gangstas
[Eminem]
The game just isn't the same its changing
To new Game
You're now about to witness the power
[Verse 2 - Eminem]
Only Dre can, judge me for the mistakes I'm making
If I'm faking, I'm Clay Aiken
You ain't 50 and you ain't Game, you lame, you're tame
Your mind's lost, you are not ready to make that flame switch
You will end up in the same situation, same shit
Different day, just with different gangstas in your face
Which- way do you wanna face when your brains hit pavement
Think of what you'll say to Pastor Mase and save it
For the day that they got them affidavits waiving in my face
Looking for answers, rap sensation Eminem battles to ward off accusations
That he had somebody blasted
The Mask of Jason was found at the scene of the task with masking tape
And the victim's penis up his ass, a basket case
And they ask him to clean up his act, you bastards wasting too much time
Me no kiss ass, and if that's the case, then we ain't going...
[Chorus:]
[The Game]
We ain't goin no where so fuck you
We ain't goin no where so fuck you
[Eminem]
This day the game won't ever be the same
[Dre]
Things just ain't the same for gangstas
[Eminem]
The game just isn't the same its changing
To new Game
You're now about to witness the power
[Verse 3 - The Game]
Low get Dre on the phone quick
Tell him Eminem just killed me on my own shit
I'm walking through 8 mile, startin' to get home sick
I'ma do Shady numbers, I'm ridin' my own dick
Yeah the chrome sick, the window's tinted
If Eminem is anybody on my under the pennalton
These niggas is killing it take a minute to listen
Turn down my Jimmy Hendrix, I'll throw your demo out the window
For tellin me its hot when its not and you got what you got
>From them rocks on the block, you can stop tellin Dre you got shot
With a glock that don't phase me,
I'm crazy why you think I'm rhyming with Shady ?
I don't care if the radio don't play me, I say what I say when I feel like I'm feelin today
And get hard when these bitches see my car in the streets
I can't even take my son to cop them G-Unit sneaks
[Chorus]
So I'm gone bitch
We ain't goin no where so fuck you
We ain't goin no where so fuck you
[Eminem]
This day the game won't ever be the same
[Dre]
Things just ain't the same for gangstas
[Eminem]
The game just isn't the same its changin
To new Game
You're now about to witness the power

_____
[Chorus: 50 Cent]
Niggas Know what I'm about out here
I don't toot my own horn cause I don't have to
You can run your mouth I don't care
but if you get too close I'm gonna clap you
It's too real out here to be scared
A real nigga is gonna do whatever he has to
A man is the last thing you should fear
it ain't considered a crime unless they catch you
We all die one day
[Obie Trice]
Niggas when I step up in the bar, faggots wanna look
like you motherfuckers got Obie Trice shook
Like I'm gonna stand here as a man and
let some queer ass funny looking nigga get the upper hand
I got issues, got no time, got guns that mourn nigga's moms
shoot up clubs and destroy nigga's vibes
everybody running for their motherfucking lives
Tough club niggas, we leave early, cock back surely
open up your fade, your grey brain meets motor city pave
your nervous system still twitch off Jay Z
O's an animals skirts get mirked
don't ever let a nigga tell you slugs don't hurt
don't ever let a nigga tell you play the bar hard
trust in guard it cause you're about to catch a bullet scar
I give a fuck where you from who you be with
keep this a secret right by the nuts
a 4-5 that'll light niggas up and this 4-5 high make me not give a fuck
[Chorus]
[Lloyd Banks]
But as long as I'm here I'm gonna grab checks
and make my cash stretch longer than giraff necks
poverty will make your ass bet on words
touch niggas in jail make them wanna finish their last sents'
they say you live by the gun and die by the next nigga gun
if that's the case then get a bigga one
you don't think I pack the pump cause I'm out of the hood
that's a stereotype like everyone that's black can jump
I where a white mink, the fabric is done
got rings that bling like Mike, Byrd, Magic and them
out in Dallas in a palace where the Mavericks is from
living lavash, I'm established, so the cabbage'll come
I'm the clouds you won't see me in the trains
I travel first class you don't even got a TV on your plane
You should be easy on my name, cause I don't going back and forth
your boss and your captain's soft
[Chorus]
[Eminem]
We gonna bring it to anybody who want it
you want it? you gonna get it
name em we gon hit em, chew em up and spit em out
too much venom and if you role with 'em
we gonna fuck you up with 'em
I got too much momentum movin in my direction to lose
my shoes will explode as soon as you go to step in 'em (BROOM)
you know how we do it when we do how we do it when we come through
G-Unit, D-1-2 and Obie we all move like assasins
ski masks and gloves consider this as a warning
disaster comes faster than you can react to it, just ask Muggs
but we are fizast, fuck your litte bitch ass up
we are not killers, my vato will have you shot-o
drag through the varrio and fucked like Kim Osario
litte sorry hoe ass, go ask B Real
we burn source covers like fuckin Cypress Hill
did in the 90s, when you was in diapers still
shady records you better believe the hype is real
this is no joke, I don't smoke
but I toke enuff second hand to make my fuckin P.O. choke
I'm an OG, you're fuckin with a GI Joe
Bia Bia, mia meo a vida loca
I'm a psycho, Mariah aint got shit on me
when I retire I'll be spittin baby food on people
a tent sieged on her ranch, huddled up next to her
with Hello Kitty slippers on, humping her legs
you ever had your gap pealed back or your shit pushed in
I put my blade in your like a fucking pin cushion
slice your ear clear off, Smirnoff and Hindoff
I'll show you how to kill a fucking man like Sindoff
Nobody told you that I'm loco essey?
I lack every sane chemical in my membrane
I'm slim sha...dy and the  d  is for deez nuts
and you can get each one for free so feast up
I pee in a cup for three months, I'm having an E party for easter please come
[50 Cent]
We gonna bring it to anybody who want it
you want it? you gonna get it
name em we gon hit em, chew em up and spit em out
too much venom and if you role with 'em
we gonna fuck you up with 'em
you can do all them push ups to pump up your chest
I got a 12 gauge Marksburg to pump up your chest
have you gasping for breath after that shit under your vest
fear me like you fear god cause I bring death
Silverback gorrilla in the concrete jungle
I'm the strongest one around you know how I get down
I watch gansta flicks and root for the badguy
and turn it off before it ends cause the badguy die
if you trying to buy guns I'm the nigga to look to
so what they got bodies on 'em, they still look new
you can raise your voice like you fending to touch something
when I raise my knife shit I'm fending to cut something
see I walk like Ron O'Neil and talk like Goldie
if the bitch think I love her the bitch don't know me
(haha Sorry Kim haha)
[Chorus]
[Eminem]
Souls Assasins y'all
What up Muggs?
[DJ Muggs]
What up Em?
[Eminem]
We out...

_____
[Chorus: Lloyd Banks]
Niggas Know what I'm about out here
I don't toot my own horn cause I don't have to
You can run your mouth I don't care
but if you get too close I'm gonna clap you
It's too real out here to be scared
A real nigga is gonna do whatever he has to
A man is the last thing you should fear
it ain't considered a crime unless they catch you
We all die one day
[Obie Trice]
Niggas when I step up in the bar, faggots wanna loot
like you motherfuckers got Obie Trice shook
Like I'm gonna stand here as a man and
let some queer ass funny looking nigga get the upper hand
I got issues, got no time, got guns that mourn nigga's moms
shoot up clubs and destroy nigga's vibes
everybody running for their motherfucking lives
Tough club niggas, we leave early, cock back surely
open up your fade, your grey brain meets motor city pave
your nervous system still twitch off Jay Z
O's an animals skirts get mirked
don't ever let a nigga tell you slugs don't hurt
don't ever let a nigga tell you play the bar hard
trust in guard it cause you're about to catch a bullet scar
I give a fuck where you from who you be with
keep this a secret right by the nuts
a 4-5 that'll light niggas up and this 4-5 high make me not give a fuck
[Chorus]
[Lloyd Banks]
But as long as I'm here I'm gonna grab checks
and make my cash stretch longer than giraff necks
poverty will make your ass bet on words
touch niggas in jail make them wanna finish their last sents'
they say you live by the gun and die by the next nigga gun
if that's the case then get a bigga one
you don't think I pack the pump cause I'm out of the hood
that's a stereotype like everyone that's black can jump
I where a white mink, the fabric is done
got rings that bling like Mike, Byrd, Magic and them
out in Dallas in a palace where the Mavericks is from
living lavash, I'm established, so the cabbage'll come
I'm the clouds you won't see me in the trains
I travel first class you don't even got a TV on your plane
You should be easy on my name, cause I don't going back and forth
your boss and your captain's soft
[Chorus]
[Eminem]
We gonna bring it to anybody who want it
you want it? you gonna get it
man we gon hit em, chew em up and spit em out
too much venom and if you role with 'em
we gonna fuck you up with 'em
I got too much momentum movin in my direction to lose
my shoes will explode as soon as you go to step in 'em (BROOM)
you know how we do it when we do how we do it when we come through
G-Unit, D-1-2 and Obie we all move like assasins
ski masks and gloves consider this as a warning
disaster comes faster than you can react to it, just ask Muggs
but we are fizast, fuck your litte bitch ass up
we are not killers, my vato will have you shot though
drag through the varrio and fucked like Kim Osario
litte sorry hoe ass, go ask B Real
we burn source covers like fuckin Cypress Hill
did in the 90s, when you was in diapers still
shady records you better believe the hype is real
this is no joke, I don't smoke
but I toke enuff second hand to make my fuckin P.O. choke
I'm an OG, you're fuckin with a GI Joe
Bia Bia, mia meo a vida loco
I'm a psycho, Mariah aint got shit on me
when I retire I'll be spittin baby food on people
a tent sieged on her ranch, huddled up next to her
with Hello Kitty slippers on, humping her legs
you ever had your cat pealed back or your shit pushed in
I put my blade in your like a fucking pin cushion
slice your ear clear off, Smirnoff and Henn dogg
I'll show you how to kill a fucking man like Sen Dog
Nobody told you that I'm loco essay?
I lack every sane chemical in my membrane
I'm slim sha...dy and the  d  is for deez nuts
and you can get each one for free so feast up
I pee in a cup for three months, I'm having an E party for easter please come
[50 Cent]
We gonna bring it to anybody who want it
you want it? you gonna get it
man we gon hit em, chew em up and spit em out
too much venom and if you role with 'em
we gonna fuck you up with 'em
you can do all them push ups to pump up your chest
I got a 12 gauge mossbert to pump up your chest
have you gasping for breath after that shell hit your vest
fear me like you fear god cause I bring death
Silverback gorrilla in the concrete jungle
I'm the strongest one around you know how I get down
I watch gansta flicks and root for the badguy
and turn it off before it ends cause the badguy die
if you trying to buy guns I'm the nigga to look to
so what they got bodies on 'em, they still look new
you can raise your voice like you fending to touch something
when I raise my knife shit I'm fending to cut something
see I walk like Ron O'Neil and talk like Goldie
if the bitch think I love her the bitch don't know me
(haha Sorry Kim haha)
[Chorus]
[Eminem]
Souls Assasins y'all
What up Muggs?
[DJ Muggs]
What up Em?
[Eminem]
We outta here...

_____
(S ChaoZ)
Before messing with us, think about
You are standing in front of the great gang, The dark clan.
It is a greater evil than you newbie criminals ever will be. We are mighty, and?? We are the dark clan
Dark, dark, dark clan
If u provocate us
We'll kill you, we'll kill you
Yeeeeearh
We are the dark clan
Dark, dark, dark clan
If u provocate us
We'll kill you, we'll kill you
BIAAAAATCH
(S ChaoZ)
Love or hate me
Crap or shit or the
Odd looking man
Who's standing with a sign
?Bitch who do u think I am?
I've done a crime?
I guess u are a criminal, but now your just a fool
Dark clan will kill you!
(S ChaoZ)
Cuz
We are the dark clan?..etc
(S HaZe)
You know just like ashes to ashes,
Dust to dust
Who can we trust and who can we not
The other gangs just fucking with those slot
Who doesn't  give a damn crap about me
Who will be damned, or who will be set free
Kiss me ass
Biiaaatch crash
These other gangs or taste my spank
I do it nicely with a big plank
I don't keep on living my whole life (I think)
I will begin 2 b an alcoholic (and drink)
Cuz everybody asking us who are we?
And I answer them:
We are the dark clan??etc
(Chorus both)
Our name is dark, dark clan
Just call us the ultimate gang (haha)
James bond would never have a chance
Without some immunities or some resistance
Or assistance anyway, where do we stay?
At the club house or what mothafucka?!?!?
We are the dark clan??etc
Criminal, are we
We don't feel Innocent or free
The world we are living in is not for lend
U can buy for a thousand million dollars
But who will? And who council?
U know the answer its right in the jacket
It is dark clan u motherfucking non-knowing facket
We are the dark clan
Daaaaaaaark claaaaaaaaan! We're back again niggers (niggers  fadeout-echo)
By dArK ClAn (S ChaoZ) and (S HaZe)

_____
[Eminem singing]
There's an intruder
in my house
He cut my phone-lines
can't dial out
I scream for police
but I doubt
They're gonna hear me
when I shout
[rapping]
A couple of cocktails will send me to jail
there's a couple of cops hot on my trail
But this time, when I get pulled over
there's a doberman pinscher and a pitbull in the seat
these pigs 'll get bit fooling with me
quit fooling with me
Bitch, you're gonna see
No pistol in the seat
why it always gotta be an issue when you're me
and which you're gonna see in the long run
Im'a be the wrong one
you wanna harass with this limo tinted glass
flashin that flash-light on my ass where was you at
last night when them assholes
ran up on my grass
rapper slash actor
kiss the crack on my cracker slashed ass
they took away my right to bear arms
what I'm posed to fight with bear palms?
yeah right
they coming with bombs, I'm comin with flare-guns
We as americans
[Chorus]
We as a Americans
Us as a citizen
Gotta protect ourselves
Look at our shit has been
We better check ourselves
Livin up in these streets
Through worse and through better health
Surviving by any means
We as Americans
Us as a citizen
We are samaritans
What do we get us in
We better check ourselves
Look at our shit has been
Take a look where you live
This is America
And we are Americans
Im'a make Vuku bucks
wearin Vuku vests
Drama hanging over my head like a voodoo hex
I could've been next to fly over the cuckoo's nest
but you know who
whith an "S" tatooed to my chest
But I've innested
Now I got the Industry pissy
eversince me and Dre split it fifty-fifty on fifty it's funny
We got a buzz spreading quicker than making paper-airplanes out of a twenty
Fuck money I don't rap for dead presidents
I'd rather see the president dead
It's never been said
but I said precedents and the standards
and they can't stand it
My name should've been bastard
the shit should've been plastered
on my forehead with a stamp
I should've been blasted
I should've been had a cap pulled in my ass
but I'm too swift and fast
for that, I'm past it
I'm too old to go and cruise Gratiot
Fuck that shit
I done seen a fastest rap shit
and turning into some pap-pap shit
that quick
snap click
but this time they got fucking auto-ma-tic
(jamaican) and no one gon' test this mon
Clack
[Chorus]
We as a Americans
Us as a citizen
Gotta protect ourselves
Look at our shit has been
We better check ourselves
Livin up in these streets
Through worse and through better health
Surviving by any means
We as Americans
Us as a citizen
We are samaritans
What do we get us in
We better check ourselves
Look at our shit has been
Take a look where you live
This is America
And we are Americans
(SSHHH)
I got a secret if you can keep it between us
I tuck two Nina's under my jeans either side of my penis
under my Long Johns
under my Sean Johns
when running with the long arm or the long long gone
Im'a do five years or less than that
no questions asked
it might be a good idea to stop right here
and quit while I'm ahead
already in the red
already got a steady infrared nipped on my head
A target on my back
bigger problems than that
Bin Laden on my ass
he probly gone send a task
I ain't gone even ask
they ain't gone let me pack
they ain't gone gimme my semi but I got my Whizz at
We as a Americans
Us as a citizen
Gotta protect ourselves
Look at our shit has been
We better check ourselves
Livin up in these streets
Through worse and through better health
Surviving by any means
We are Americans
Us as a citizen
We as samaritans
What do we get us in
We better check ourselves
Look at our shit has been
Take a look where you live
This is America
And we are Americans

_____
"Bust it rugged, shine like a gold nugget" (what they know about this?)
"When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" ---> Keith Murray
"Every time I pick up the microphone I drug it (what they know about this?)
"When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" ---> Keith Murray
"Bust it rugged, shine like a gold nugget" (what they know about this?)
"When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" ---> Keith Murray
"Every time I pick up the microphone I drug it (what they know about this?)
"When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" ---> Keith Murray
"Bust it rugged, shine like a gold nugget" (what they know about this?)
"When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" ---> Keith Murray
"Every time I pick up the microphone I drug it (what they know about this?)
"When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" ---> Keith Murray
"Bust it rugged, shine like a gold nugget" (what they know about this?)
"When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" ---> Keith Murray
"Every time I pick up the microphone I drug it (what they know about this?)
"When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" ---> Keith Murray
[Verse One]
I'm rockin shit, packin shit, while stackin shit
If anyone steps up askin shit, I'm blastin shit
You gone phase me, but swingin like Peter Parker
Motherfuck the shop, I'll wreck the Goddamn barber
Forget your dreams about being with

_____
I got 50 Cent
I got G-Unit
??? and Obie Triiiiice
So watch what you say
Before you call our name
If you say one more thing
It won't be nice
Here we go
I shoulda known
I was bound to get pulled into some bullshit sooner or later
You little haters are too jellous of us to love us
You ain't it
G-Unit made it
And Obie's comin
D-Twizzy's comin
You sick to your stomach
50% is 50-Cent
The other 50% is who's color skin it is
Don't even consider takin our label down
You better find our building and fly a fucking plane into it
But I ain't tryin to get too intriqette into it
I'm just tryin to give you a little hint for your own benefit
Cuz then it's gunna get to the point where it escalates into some other shit
Then Im a flip
Then Im a get to stompin in my Air Force One's
Won't be able to tell if it's two pairs or it's one
It's gunna feel like there's so many feet kickin you
You think that Nike just made these into cleat tennis shoes
I don't know what it is or what it could be
But I get a woody when these pussy's try to push me
Thinkin they gon' put me in the position to pickle me
Ya'll tickle me pink
I think I'd just rather have pink tiggle me
Hickory dickory dock tickoty tock tickety a little bit of the diggity dock diggity
Mixed with a little bit of the ???
With a small pinch of Biggie
Look at me, I'm just the bomb diggity
CHORUS:
We the realest label
Don't try to act like you don't feel our label
Cuz we gon' fuck around and kill your label
Obie, D-Twizzy, G-Unit, 50, Shady Records, we the label fa sho
We the realest label
Don't try to act like you don't feel our label
We gon' fuck around and steal your people
Obie, D-Twizzy, G-Unit, 50, Shady Records, we the label fa sho
Shady in the place to be seen
And I got what it takes to rock the mic RIGHT!
Still watch what you say to me punk cuz I'm off probation in less then 6 MONTHS!
HA HA WHOO
Shady Records
Still Aftermath
And don't thik we dont hear you mutha fucka's talkin
We see ya'll
But we just gon' sit back for a minute and watch what the fuck ya'll do

_____
Artist: Cali Kings f/ Eminem
Teats and Thurston Howell, and yelling Wordsworth
My mother smoked crack I had a premature birth
I'm just a nerve purse with badly disturbed nerves
You wanna be the one to step up and get served first
99% of aliens prefer Earth
Come here to rule the planet, storm on your turf
I hid a secret message inside of a word search
With smeared letters, runnin together and blurs spurts
Hang with male shovenest pigs and perverts
I point water pistols at women and squirt shirts
Been a bad boy since diapers and Gerbers
My first words were bleep bleep and curse curse
Never had shit and I still don't deserve dirt
My breath still stinks, and I'm on my third cert
Digging out my stitches, and hollering nurse nurse!
You said this shot would numb me this shit just hurts worse!
Slim Shady
Cali Kings
Baka Boys

_____
(feat. DJ Head , Proof)
[Old Hip Hop musical beat tune plays in the background, just like a radio station]
[Proof (From D12):]
Yeah soul intent, checking it number 1 baby this week,
You know what I'm sayin'?
This is M.C. Proof
[Hare:]
And D.J. Hare.
[Proof (From D12):]
Checkin' in on W.E.G.O.
You know what I'm sayin'?
Ay yo we got the number 1 requested song, of the DAY coming up next.
It's a local thing wants retilin'
It goes by the name of Eminem
And it's called "It's OK"

_____
Yeah yeah
Tricky
Let's show 'em some love
Welcome to Detroit
Chorus
Where's my gangstas and all my thugs
Throw them hands up and show some love
And I Welcome you to Detroit City
I said Welcome to Detroit City
Every place, everywhere we go
Man we deep everywhere we roll
Ask around and they all know Tricky
That's what's good man they all say Tricky
Click click boom, just as soon as we hit the room
You can hear 'em holla Goon Squad in this bitch
Let me hear you holla Goon Squad in this bitch
Let me hear you holla Runyon Ave. in this bitch
So who am I gonna call on when I ain't got them boys with me
And the situation gets a little sticky
I'ma dial 911 like a motherfuckin' punk, fuck that, bla bla
I'ma call that rude boy from Detroit, Trick Trick
Quick come pick me up, bring them guns
Come to the club, meet me out front
There's some chump up in this bitch
Poppin' some junk cause he's drunk
And we may have to fuck his ass up
Cause uh, somethin' smells a lil' fishy
And I don't like the way his boys keep lookin' at me
So homie come get me, Chedda boys what up though I see you
Rock Bottom, yeah I see you, all my Detroit people
Where you at man, let me see them hands in the sky
Detroit motherfuckers 'till we die
Chorus
Where's my gangstas and all my thugs
Throw them hands up and show some love
And I Welcome you to Detroit City
I said Welcome to Detroit City
Every place, everywhere we go
Man we deep everywhere we roll
Ask around and they all know Tricky
That's what's good man they all say Tricky
Homie it's been a long time comin' and I'm straight with that
Marshall call me the fifty ?? and laced the track
This the beat, you hear it bangin', he produced it himself
My bad, almost forgot to introduce myself
My name is Trick Trick, head of the Goon Squad
And gangsta been bangin' the underground since '95, we're bangin'
Elected to be the villain and certified a menace
Holdin' it down since I paroled up outta prison
You heard about me, you just didn't know it was me
All the treacherous, evil deeds of the D you never see
Pickin' that kid up in the game, I just wasn't chasin' the fame
I been chasin' the paper product and givin' lames the pain
Accusations of violence you know you done heard of that
A quarter of a million dollars for beatin' a murder rap
And my boy holdin' me up, Shady done put it out
Trick Trick and Eminem, Detroit back in the house
Chorus
Ayo Em, you ever need one of these weapons come get it
From now on every beef that you get in, homie I'm in it
I been ridin' for this city, whether wrong or right
I been whippin' on motherfuckers for the longest time
So it's evident, it's time for Trick to get it fast
The public, see they appreciate my criminal past
Authorities tried to stop me but they couldn't keep up
Got a fan-base that's bigger then an average star
I'm satisfied with it bein' my time to shine
And I freak from the precinct for violent crimes
I ain't sayin' the shit that I'm sayin' so girls can fear me
Only speakin' on what I know so the world can hear me
So peace to Jimmy and Dre for signin' my nigga
He reached back to Detroit and grabbed a winner
So the gangstas and thugs, we embrace with love
And beat the hell outta anybody that fuck with us
Chorus
Yeah, Trick Trick
Eminem, Wonder Boy, Shady
It's goin' down baby
Ayo Em, I got you back my nigga
Damn right I said my nigga
That's my nigga
Tricky

_____
[Hook- Eminem]
Where's my gangstas and all my thugs?
Throw them hands up and show some some love and uhh
Welcome to Detroit City
I said welcome to Detroit City
Every place everywhere we go
Man we deep everywhere we roll
Ask around and they all know Tricky
That's whats good man they all say Tricky
[Verse 1- Eminem]
Click click boom, just as soon as we hit the room
You can hear 'em holla Goon Squad in this bitch
Let me hear you holla Good Squad in this bitch
Let me hear you holla Runyon Ave. in this bitch
So who am I gonna call on when I ain't got them boys with me
And the situation gets a little sticky
I'ma dial 911 like a mufuckin' punk, fuck that, bla bla
I'ma call that rude boi from Detroit Trick Trick
Quick come pick me up, bring them guns
Come to the club, meet me out front
There's some chump up in this bitch
Poppin' some junk cause he's drunk
And we may have to fuck his ass up
Cause uh somethin' smells a lil fishy
And I don't like the way his boys keep lookin' at me
So homie come get me, Chedda boys what up though I see you
Rock Bottom, yea I see you, all my Detroit people
Where you at man, let me see them hands in the sky
Detroit mufuckas till we die
[Hook- Eminem]
Where's my gangstas and all my thugs?
Throw them hands up and show some some love and uhh
Welcome to Detroit City
I said welcome to Detroit City
Every place everywhere we go
Man we deep everywhere we roll
Ask around and they all know Tricky
That's whats good man they all say Tricky
[Verse 2- Trick Trick]
Homie its been a long time comin' and I'm straight with that
Marshall call me 50 ??? and laced the track
This the beat you hear it bangin', he produced it himself
My bad almost forgot to introduce myself
My name is Trick Trick, head of the Good Squad
And gangsta, been bangin' the underground since 95 with ???
Elected to be the villain, and certified a menace
Holdin' it down since I paroled, up outta prison
You heard about me, you just didn't know it was me
All the treacherousy, ????? yeah that was me
Pickin' that kid up in the game, I just wasn't chasin' the fame
I been chasin' the paper product and givin' lames the pain
Accusations of ??? you know you done heard of that
A quarter of a million dollars for beatin' a murder rap
And my boy holdin' me up, Shady done put it out
Trick Trick and Eminem, Detroit ??? and ???
[Hook- Eminem]
Where's my gangstas and all my thugs?
Throw them hands up and show some some love and uhh
Welcome to Detroit City
I said welcome to Detroit City
Every place everywhere we go
Man we deep everywhere we roll
Ask around and they all know Tricky
That's whats good man they all say Tricky
[Verse 3- Trick Trick]
Ayo Em, you ever need one of these weapons come get it
From now on every beef that you get in homie I'm in it
I been ridin' for this city, from the low to right
I been whippin' on mothafuckas for the longest time
So its evident, its time for Trick to get it fast
The publicy they ain't appreciate my criminal past
Authorities tried to stop me but they couldn't get far
Got a fanbase thats bigger than an average star
I'm satisfied with it bein' my time to shine
And I freak from the precinct for violent crimes
I ain't sayin' the shit that I'm sayin' so girls can feel me
Only speakin' on what I know so the world can hear me
So peace to Jimmy and Dre for signin' my *****
He reached back to Detroit and grabbed a winner
So the gangstas and thugs, we embrace the love
And beat the hell outta anyone that fucks with us
[Hook- Eminem]
Where's my gangstas and all my thugs?
Throw them hands up and show some some love and uhh
Welcome to Detroit City
I said welcome to Detroit City
Every place everywhere we go
Man we deep everywhere we roll
Ask around and they all know Tricky
That's whats good man they all say Tricky
[Outro- Trick Trick]
Yeah
Trick Trick
Eminem
Wonder boy
Shady
It's goin down baby
Ayo Em
I got your back my *****
Damn right I said my *****
That's my *****
Tricky

_____
[Eminem]
Yo I got an idea
Let me go grab Sticky right quick
**sounds of steps**
Hey yo Stick, Stick
[Sticky]
Yo Slim Shady
Yo I just had like a nightmah..
Wait it wasn't like a nightmare
It was like a good dreah..
Well it wasn't a good.. (What was it?)
Hey yo I just had a crazy dream man (What?)
Yo, yo I dreamed I was white! (Ohhh)
Chorus: Eminem
If he was white
What if he was white?
What if he was white?
What - If - He - Was - White?
What if he was white?
What if he was
white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white?
Verse One : Sticky Fingaz
Yo, yo
What if I was white skin the same color as cocaine?
Blond hair, blue eyes
The whole shibang
I know one thing
Police wouldn't always be watching me
Pull me over for nothing, constantly jockin me
(Can I get your autograph?)
Yellow cabs in the cities that stop for me
I wouldn't need caladeral to buy property
If I was white
Wouldn't matter if I was rich or poor
SECURITY wouldn't follow me around the store
Like I'd steal something (Maybe he might of stole something)
Because I'm black I rob
And automatically assume I ain't got no job
On my own land I feel like an immigrant
If I was white
I wouldn't thought O.J. was innocent (He did it)
Chorus: Eminem
If I was white
What if he was white?
What if he was white? (Yo think about that)
What if he was white, white, white, white, he was white (for a minute)
What if he was white?
What if he was (What if he was white?)
white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white? (What if he was white?)
What if he was white?
What if he was white?
What - If - He - Was - White?
What if you were white? (what if he was white?)
What if he was
white, white, white, white, white,(STICKyyyy what if you were white?) white, white,
white, white, white?
Verse Two: Sticky Fingaz
If I was white
It would be a different world for me
If I was white (ummmmmmmm?)
What shade would I be?
Would I be Redneck or Skinhead, prepi or high class?
YOU PROBABLY LIVE IN A TRAILERPARK AND BE WHITE TRASH!
In any case that be ill shit right? (Yep)
But there's a good and bad out of being white
You can't say the N word without starting a fight
(What's UP MY BROTHER?)
True dance it'll be, I had two left feet
Even if I was white
Plaque still have a ghetto shit (How you doing?)
Is it a minfo
Or do I really have a little dick (Nah, it's true!)
If I was white
I would probably listen to hardcore rock
and covered my ears when ever I heard Hip Hop (Ahhhhhhhhhhhh)
Chorus: Eminem
If he was white
What if he was white?
What if he was white? (What if he was white?)
What if he was white, white, white, white, he was white
What if he was white?
What if he was
white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white? (What if he was white?)
What if he was white?
What if he was white?
What if he was white, white, white, white, he was white(ummmmmmmm?)
What if he was white? (What if you were white?)
What if he was
white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white? (What if he was white?)
Verse Three: Sticky Fingaz
Yo,yo,yo, if I was white
I probably wouldn't even think the same
I watched Tennis and golf and bet on Hockey games (Red Wings Man)
Wear suit and ties and go to work everyday
If I was white
I couldn't live around my way
In it probably wouldn't never even been an Onyx shit
I be serice sippin vadka and tonixs
Smokin on them all on a marboral
instead of a nueport
I live in Long Island
Instead of New York
If I was white
I probably couldn't dunk
Cuz everybody knows white man can't jump (Nope!)
And probably wouldn't be able to go to the trees spots
Cuz all the niggas trend think I was a cop
Chorus: Eminem
If he was white
What if he was white?
What if he was white?
What - If - He - Was - White?(Yo you can't say that)
What if he was white
What if he was
white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white?
What if you were white?
What if he was white?
What - If - He - Was - White?
What if he was white?
What if he was
white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white?
If he was white?
What if he was white?
What if he was white
(What would you do if you were white?)
What - If - He - Was - White?
(What if you were white?)
white, white, white, white, white, white,
(What if you were white!!!!)
white, white, white, white?
What if he was white?
What if he was white?
white, white, white, white, white?
What if he was white
white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white?
[Eminem]
Yo, what if I was White? uhh..

_____
[DJ Clue]
Ha haaaaa... *echoes*
[Method Man]
Now...now...now...unnhhh..
Professional 2 shit...WHAT!
Staten Island up in this muthafucka...
Mr. Meth rep rep rep rep rep rep...
For the cause
Wu-Tang Killa Beez forever my niggaz
Yeah...we put our draws in it...CLUE!  *echoes*
[DJ Clue]
*talking over above Method Man verse*
New Method Man!
Eminem...
Royce...
CLUE!  *echoes*
[Method Man]
Niggaz is like "Oh my God not you!"
Yes I'm in the flesh like hollow heads through your vest
No contest, M.E.-Eth Man's obsessed
With sex, drugs and rock & roll
New tecs and calicos!
Word has it we move mathematic on rappers
Who don't add up, you get broke, battered and slapped up
8 million stories in the nekkid call yo man Method
Straight guerilla iller nigga kill a murder record
My verbal shooter does it to ya
The 16-bar Ruger, bustin' yo funky dope manuevers
But I'm not ya Super Lover Cee, I'm the Super Sperm
Splash it on your skin rub it in like it's Lubriderm
10 out of 10 I'll be the...
Men of all men I mean the...
Creme de la creme a schemer...
Sippin' on 'Gnac and Zima...
True professional 2...
(DJ CLUE!)
Now that Bush is president nigga we all through
[DJ Clue]
Wooooooooooord!
[Eminem]
It's like a jungle sometimes it makes me wonder
Why I keep on duckin' under the bed when I hear thunder
Cuz I ain't crazy, I say shit that's crazy to crazy people
To make 'em believe I'm crazy so they can relate to me
And maybe believe in Shady so they can be evil baby
I like that!  I'm only as crazy as people made me
Believe me, there'll be just as many muthafuckin' murderers
And heroin users without Marlilyn's music
But I figure I make my music I don't care if you use it
To murder somebody, I just wanna be there when you do it!
Now the parents are suein' cuz little Darren is screwin'
Karen and Susan cause I told him to do it on Clue's new shit
Now it's all ruined, the whole world is fucked up
Cuz of me?  Two 12-year old girls is knocked up
My attitude's 'fuck it' like Pac's was at one point
Wanna come join?  Pick up a glock and just point
Now everybody's killin' everybody and everybody's bloody
And I'm just laughin' like it's funny
Cause I don't really give a shit about no-muthafuckin'-body
I'm so muthafuckin' nutty I don't give a fuck about nuttin'!
[Royce]
My wrist is...water and freeze
And mix this is...audio Jesus the repent shit gets big
Keep it sharp like knife in a pop device
So "Duro you gotta let it bump!", I came from a hard knock life
They say this kid be rude like this can't be true
I suck my own dick like if I had a rib removed
Vampire, sun go down I'm still wylin'
Bullets travel through the air in the night like Phil Collins
Rock City baby knife through your throat 'til you're broke
Rise from the underground like sewer smoke
It's all shifty, I got all-a my dogs wit' me
And they all rich, and still all-a they palms itchy
We'll pump, rumble over birds jungle urge
Walkin' like we talkin' drunk while we stumble over words
Clue *inhale*...Duro *inhale*...Slim *inhale*...Meth *inhale*...
Five *inhale*...Nine *inhale*...Hold up *inhale*...breath
[Method Man]
It's just...Mr. Meth and DJ Clue
I ain't crazy, I just do what the beats say do
[Eminem]
It's just...Slim Shady and DJ Clue
I ain't evil, I just do what the beats say do
[Royce]
Unnh..Royce 5-9 and DJ Clue
I ain't bad, I just do what the beats say do..unnh...
*kiss noise*
[DJ Clue]
DJ Clue!
Desert Storm!
Come oooooooon maaaaaaaan!  *echoes*

_____
[Dr. Dre]
Back when Cube - was rollin wit Lorenzo in a Benzo
I was bangin wit a gang of instrumentals
Got the pens and pencils, got down to business; but sometimes
the business end of this shit can turn your friends against you
But you was a real nigga, I could sense it in you
I still remember the window of the car that you went through
That's fucked up, but I'll never forget the shit we been through
And I'ma do whatever it takes to convince you
Cuz you my nigga Doc, and Eazy I'm still wit you
Fuck the beef, nigga I miss you, and that's just bein real wit you
You see the truth is
Everybody wanna know how close me and Snoop is
And who I'm still cool wit
Then I got these fake-ass niggaz I first drew with
Claimin that they non-violent, talkin like they *voice sample*
Spit venom in interviews, speakin on reunions
Move units, then talk shit and we can do this
Until then - I ain't even speakin your name
Just keep my name outta yo' mouth and we can keep it the same
Nigga, it ain't that I'm too big to listen to the rumors
It's just that I'm too damn big to pay attention to 'em
That's the difference
Chorus: Phish (repeat 2X)
What's the difference between me and you?
You talk a good one - but you don't do what you supposed to do
I act on what I feel and never deal wit emotions
I'm used to livin big dog style and straight coastin
[Xzibit]
Yo I stay wit it
While you try to perpetrate, play wit it
Never knew about the next level until Dre did it (YEAH)
I stay committed while you motherfuckers baby-sitted
I smash you critics like a overhand right from Riddick
(Yeah!) Come and get it, shitted on villians by the millions
I be catchin bitches while bitches be catchin feelings
So what the fuck am I supposed to do?
I pop bottles and hot hollow-points at each and all of you (Come on!)
A heartless bastard, high and plastered
My style is like the reaction from too much acid - never come down
Pass it around if you can't handle it
Hang Hollywood niggaz by they Soul Train laminates
What's the difference between me and you? (What?)
About five bank accounts, three ounces and two vehicles
Until my death, I'm Bangladesh
I suggest you hold yo' breath til ain't none left
Yo that's the difference
Chorus
[Eminem]
Aight, hold up hold up!
STOP THE BEAT A MINUTE!! I got somethin to say
Dre; I wanna tell you this shit right now while this fuckin weed is in me
(The fuck?!) I don't know if I ever told you this, but I love you dawg
I got your motherfuckin back, just know this shit
[Dre] Riiight? .. Slim, I don't know if you noticed it
But I've had your back from day one, nigga let's blow this bitch
[Em] I mean it dawg, you ever need somebody offed - who's throat is it?
[Dre] Well if you ever kill that Kim bitch, I'll show you where the ocean is
[Eminem]
Well that's cool, and I appreciate the offer
But if I do decide to really murder my daughter's momma
I'ma sit her up in the front seat and put sunglasses on her
And cruise around wit her for seven hours through California
And have her wavin at people (Hi!) Then drop her off on the corner
at the police station and drive off honkin the horn for her
Raw dawg, get your arm gnawed off
Drop the sawed off and beat you wit the piece it was sawed off of
Fuck blood, I wanna see some lungs coughed up
Get shot up in the hot tub til the bubbles pop up
and they nose and cough snot up, mucus in hot water
That's for tryin to talk like The Chronic was lost product
That's for even THINKIN of havin them thoughts thought up!
You better show some respect whenever the Doc's brought up!!
So what's the difference between us? We can start at the penis
Or we can scream, "I Just Don't Give a Fuck," and see who means it!

_____
[DJ Clue]
Ha haaaaa...
[Method Man]
Now...now...now...unnhhh..
Professional 2 shit...WHAT!
Staten Island up in this muthafucka...
Mr. Meth rep rep rep rep rep rep...
For the cause
Wu-Tang Killa Beez forever my niggaz
Yeah...we put our draws in it...CLUE!
[DJ Clue]
New Method Man!
Eminem...
Royce...
CLUE!
[Method Man]
Niggaz is like "Oh my God not you!"
Yes I'm in the flesh like hollow heads through your vest
No contest, M.E.-Eth Man's obsessed
With sex, drugs and rock & roll
New tecs and calicos!
Word has it we move mathematic on rappers
Who don't add up, you get broke, battered and slapped up
8 million stories in the nekkid call yo man Method
Straight guerilla iller nigga kill a murder record
My verbal shooter does it to ya
The 16-bar Ruger, bustin' yo funky dope manuevers
But I'm not ya Super Lover Cee, I'm the Super Sperm
Splash it on your skin rub it in like it's Lubriderm
10 out of 10 I'll be the...
Men of all men I mean the...
Creme de la creme a schemer...
Sippin' on 'Gnac and Zima...
True professional 2...
Now that Bush is president nigga we all through
[DJ Clue]
Wooooooooooord!
[Eminem]
It's like a jungle sometimes it makes me wonder
Why I keep on duckin' under the bed when I hear thunder
Cuz I ain't crazy, I say shit that's crazy to crazy people
To make 'em believe I'm crazy so they can relate to me
And maybe believe in Shady so they can be evil baby
I like that!  I'm only as crazy as people made me
Believe me, there'll be just as many muthafuckin' murderers
And heroin users without Marlilyn's music
But I figure I make my music I don't care if you use it
To murder somebody, I just wanna be there when you do it!
Now the parents are suein' cuz little Darren is screwin'
Karen and Susan cause I told him to do it on Clue's new shit
Now it's all ruined, the whole world is fucked up
Cuz of me?  Two 12-year old girls is knocked up
My attitude's 'fuck it' like Pac's was at one point
Wanna come join?  Pick up a glock and just point
Now everybody's killin' everybody and everybody's bloody
And I'm just laughin' like it's funny
Cause I don't really give a shit about no-muthafuckin'-body
I'm so muthafuckin' nutty I don't give a fuck about nuttin'!
[Royce Da 5'9?]
My wrist is...water and freeze
And mix this is...audio Jesus the repent shit gets big
Keep it sharp like knife in a pop device
So "Duro you gotta let it bump!", I came from a hard knock life
They say this kid be rude like this can't be true
I suck my own dick like if I had a rib removed
Vampire, sun go down I'm still wylin'
Bullets travel through the air in the night like Phil Collins
Rock City baby knife through your throat 'til you're broke
Rise from the underground like sewer smoke
It's all shifty, I got all-a my dogs wit' me
And they all rich, and still all-a they palms itchy
We'll pump, rumble over birds jungle urge
Walkin' like we talkin' drunk while we stumble over words
Clue ...Duro...Slim...Meth...
Five...Nine...Hold up...breath
[Method Man]
It's just...Mr. Meth and DJ Clue
I ain't crazy, I just do what the beats say do
[Eminem]
It's just...Slim Shady and DJ Clue
I ain't evil, I just do what the beats say do
[Royce Da 5'9?]
Unnh..Royce 5-9 and DJ Clue
I ain't bad, I just do what the beats say do..unnh...
[DJ Clue]
DJ Clue!
Desert Storm!
Come on man?!

_____
[Intro]
Yeah
It's my life
In my own words, I guess
[Verse 1]
Have you ever loved someone so much, you'd give an arm for?
Not the expression, no, literally give an arm for?
When they know they're your heart
And you know you were their armour
And you will destroy anyone who would try to harm her
But what happens when karma, turns right around and bites you?
And everything you stand for turns on you to spite you?
What happens when you become the main source of a pain?
"Daddy look what I made", Dad's gotta go catch a plane
"Daddy where's Mommy? I can't find Mommy where is she?"
I don't know go play Hailie, baby, your Daddy's busy
Daddy's writing this song, this song ain't gonna write itself
I'll give you one underdog then you gotta swing by yourself
Then turn right around on that song and tell her you love her
And put hands on her mother, who's a spitting image of her
That's Slim Shady, yeah baby, Slim Shady's crazy
Shady made me, but tonight Shady's rocka-by-baby
[Hook]
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back
[Verse 2]
I keep having this dream, I'm pushin' Hailie on the swing
She keeps screaming, she don't want me to sing
"You're making Mommy cry, why? Why is Mommy crying?"
Baby, Daddy ain't leaving no more, "Daddy you're lying
"You always say that, you always say this is the last time
"But you ain't leaving no more, Daddy you're mine"
She's piling boxes in front of the door trying to block it
"Daddy please, Daddy don't leave, Daddy - no stop it!"
Goes in her pocket, pulls out a tiny necklace locket
It's got a picture, "this'll keep you safe Daddy, take it withcha'"
I look up, it's just me standing in the mirror
These fuckin' walls must be talking, cause man I can hear 'em
They're saying "You've got one more chance to do right" - and it's tonight
Now go out there and show that you love 'em before it's too late
And just as I go to walk out of my bedroom door
It's turns to a stage, they're gone, and this spotlight is on
And I'm singing
[Hook]
[Verse 3]
Sixty thousand people, all jumping out their seat
The curtain closes, they're throwing roses at my feet
I take a bow and thank you all for coming out
They're screaming so loud, I take one last look at the crowd
I glance down, I don't believe what I'm seeing
"Daddy it's me, Help Mommy, her wrists are bleeding"
But baby we're in Sweden, how did you get to Sweden?
"I followed you Daddy, you told me that you weren't leavin'
"You lied to me Dad, and now you make Mommy sad
"And I bought you this coin, it says 'Number One Dad'
"That's all I wanted, I just want to give you this coin"
"I get the point - fine, me and Mommy are gone"
But baby wait, "it's too late Dad, you made the choice
"Now go up there and show 'em that you love 'em more than us"
That's what they want, they want you Marshall
They keep.. screamin' your name
It's no wonder you can't go to sleep, just take another pill
Yeah, I bet you you will. You rap about it, yeah, word, k-keep it real
I hear applause, all this time I couldn't see
How could it be, that the curtain is closing on me
I turn around, find a gun on the ground, cock it
Put it to my brain, scream "Die Shady!" and pop it
The sky darkens, my life flashes, the plane that I was
Supposed to be on crashes and burns to ashes
That's when I wake up, alarm clock's ringin', there's birds singin'
It's Spring and Hailie's outside swinging, I walk up to Kim and kiss her
Tell her I miss her, Hailie just smiles and winks at her little sister
Almost as if to say
[Hook]
*Curtains Closing*

_____
[Bizzare:]
[Echo]
Music, reality, sometimes it's hard to tell the difference
But we as entertainers have a responsibility to these kids
Psyche!
[Eminem:]
If I were to die murdered in cold blood tomorrow
Would you feel sorrow or show love
Or would it matter
Can never be the lead-off batter of things
Shit for me to feed off
I'm see-saw battlin
But theres way too much at stake for me to be fake
There's too much on my plate
And I came way too far in this game to turn and walk away
And not say what I got to say
What the fuck you take me for a joke you smokin crack
Before I do that, I beg Mariah to take me back
I get up 'for i get down, run myself in the ground, 'for I put some wack shit out
I'm tryin-a smack this one out the park, five-thousand mark
Ya'll steady tryin to drown the shark
Ain't gonna do nothin but piss me off
Lid to the can of whoop ass, just twist me off
See me leap out, pull the piece out, fuck shootin i'm just trying to knock his teeth out
Fuck with me now, bitch, let's see you freestyle
Talk is cheap, motherfucker if you're really feeling froggish, leap
Yo slim, you gonna let him get away with that
He tried to play you, you can't let him skate with that
Man I hate this crap, this ain't rap,
This is crazy the way we act
When we confuse hip-hop with real life when the music stops
[Swift:]
There ain't no getting rid of McVeigh
If so you woulda tried
The only way I'm leavin this bitch is suicide
I have died clinically, arrived back at my enemy's crib with hennesy,
Got drunk then I finished he
I'm every nigga's favorite arch-enemy.
Physically fitted to be the most dangerous nigga with beef
I spark willingly with a dillinger in the dark dilligently
I'm not what you think
I appear to be fucked up
Mentally endangered
I can't stay away from a razor
I just want my face in a paper
I wish a nigger had a grenade to squeeze tight to awake neighbors for acres
I murder you
Danger had me turned into a mad man, son of sam, bitch, I'm surgical
I'l allergic to dyin, you think not you got balls We can see how large
When the music stops
[Kon Artist:]
I was happy having a deal at first,
Thought money would make me happy but
It only made my pain worst,
It hurts when u see ur friends turn their back on u dawg
When u ain't got nothing left but ur word and ur balls
N ur stress full of cause
Of ur new friends they beggin with their hands out
Checking for ur record when its selling
When it aint, that's the end, no laughs
No friends no girl
Just the gin u drink till u car spin u then
[Screech]
Damn!
[Crash]
U slam into the wall and u fall
Out the car, trying to crawl with one arm
About to lose it all in a pool of alcohol
If my funeral's tomorrow, wonder if they would even call when the music stops
[Kuniva:]
Let's see how many of your men loyal,
When i pull up looking for you,
With a pistol sipping on a can of pennzoil
I'm revved up, who said what would lead bust ur head would just explode
With red stuff i'm hand cuffed tossed in the paddy wagon
Braggin about how u shot it like a coward, bullets devour you showered you
Niggars, if i was u niggas, i'll run while given the chance
Understand i can enchance the spirit of man
Death itself, it can't hurt me, just the thought of dying alone that really
Hurts me, u ain't worthy to speak thoughts of cheap talk
Be smart and stop trying to walk how g's walk before we spark
Hug the floor while we plan to the war with ur life, fuck the tour and the mic
I'll rather fuck a whore with a knife, deliver that shit the coroner's like
You high hype poppin' shit in broad day light nigga ur a gonna at night
When The Music Stops
[Proof:]
Instigators,  pits in cages
Let loose and bit the neighbours
wrist to razors
Ya'll don't want war, you want talk
In the dark my dogs all bark like woof
Proof nigga I'm a wolf, get your whole roof
Caved in like reindeer hoofs
Stomped the roof shake the floor tiles loose
The more ya'll breach, the more I moves
This hell street, this is hardcore blues
Put a gun to rap checking all our jewels (nigga)
Or make the news betcha all ya'll move
When the uzi pop, you better drop when the music stop
[Bizzare:]
Music's changed my life in so many ways
Brains confused and fucked since the 5th grade
LL told me to rock the bells
NWA said fuck the police
Now i'm in jail
93 was strictly RNB
Fucked up hair cut
Listen to Jodeci
Michael Jackson, who go tell me i'm Mike
Ass cheeks painted white
Fucking Presilla at night
Flying down sunset smoking crack
Transvestite in the front
Eddi Murphy in the back
MOP had me grindy and griddy
Marilyn Manson, i dyed my hair blue
And grew some titties
Ludacris told me to throw them bowls
Now i'm in the hospital
Broken nose and a fractured elbow
Voices in my head, i'm going in shock,
I'm reaching for the glock but the music stops
[Bang]

_____
[Bizzare:]
[Echo]
Music, reality, sometimes it's hard to tell the difference
But we as entertainers have a responsibility to these kids
Sike!
[Eminem:]
If I were to die murdered in cold blood tomorrow
Would you feel sorrow or show love
Or would it matter
Can never be the lead-off batter of things
Shit for me to feed off
I'm see-saw battlin
But theres way too much at stake for me to be fake
There's too much on my plate
And I came way too far in this game to turn and walk away
And not say what I got to say
What the fuck you take me for? a joke? you smokin crack?
Before I do that, I beg Mariah to take me back
I get up 'for i get down, run myself in the ground, 'for I put some wack shit out
I'm tryin-a smack this one out the park, five-thousand mark
Ya'll steady tryin to drown the shark
Ain't gonna do nothin but piss me off
Lid to the can of whoop ass, just twist me off
See me leap out, pull the piece out, fuck shootin i'm just trying to knock his teeth out
Fuck with me now, bitch, let's see you freestyle
Talk is cheap, motherfucker if you're really feeling froggish, leap
Yo slim, you gonna let him get away with that?
He tried to play you, you can't let him skate with that
Man I hate this crap, this ain't rap,
This is crazy the way we act
When we confuse hip-hop with real life when the music stops
[Swift:]
There ain't no getting rid of McVeigh
If so you woulda tried
The only way I'm leavin this bitch is suicide
I have died clinically, arrived back at my enemy's crib with hennesy,
Got drunk then I finished he
I'm every nigga's favorite arch-enemy.
Physically fitted to be the most dangerous nigga with beef
I spark willingly with a dillinger in the dark dilligently
I'm not what you think
I appear to be fucked up
Mentally endangered
I can't stay away from a razor
I just want my face in a paper
I wish a nigga had a grenade to squeeze tight to awake neighbors for acres
I murder you
Danger had me turned into a mad man, son of sam, bitch, I'm surgical
I'l allergic to dyin, you think not? you got balls? We can see how large
When the music stops
[Kon Artist:]
I was happy having a deal at first,
Thought money would make me happy but
It only made my pain worst,
It hurts when u see ur friends turn their back on u dawg
When u ain't got nothing left but ur word and ur balls
And you're stressed from the calls of your new friends
Beggin' with they hands out
Checking for ur record when its selling
When it aint, that's the end, no laughs
No friends no girl
Just the gin u drink till u car spin u then
[Screech]
Damn!
[Crash]
U slam into the wall and u fall
Out the car, trying to crawl with one arm
About to lose it all in a pool of alcohol
If my funeral's tomorrow, wonder if they would even call when the music stops
[Kuniva:]
Let's see how many of your men loyal,
When i pull up looking for you,
With a pistol sipping on a can of pennzoil
I'm revved up, who said what would lead bust ur head would just explode
With red stuff i'm hand cuffed tossed in the paddy wagon
Braggin about how u shot it like a coward, bullets devour you showered you
Niggars, if i was u niggas, i'll run while given the chance
Understand i can enchance the spirit of man
Death itself, it can't hurt me, just the thought of dying alone that really
Irks me, u ain't worthy to speak thoughts of cheap talk
Be smart and stop trying to walk how g's walk before we spark
Hug the floor while we plan to the war with ur life, fuck the tour and the mic
I'll rather fuck a whore with a knife, deliver that shit the coroner's like
You high hype poppin' shit in broad day light nigga ur a gonna at night
When The Music Stops
[Proof:]
Instigators, turn pits in cages
Let loose and bit the neighbours
wrist to razors
Ya'll don't want war, you want talk
In the dark my dogs all bark like woof
Proof nigga I'm a wolf, get your whole roof
Caved in like reindeer hoofs
Stomped the roof shake the floor tiles loose
The more ya'll breach, the more I moves
This hell street, this is hardcore blues
Put a gun to rap checking all our jewels (nigga)
Or make the news betcha all ya'll move
When the uzi pop, you better drop when the music stop
[Bizzare:]
Music's changed my life in so many ways
Brains confused and fucked since the 5th grade
LL told me to rock the bells
NWA said fuck the police
Now i'm in jail
93 was strictly R&B
Fucked up hair cut
Listen to Jodeci
Michael Jackson, who gonna tell me I ain't Mike
Ass cheeks painted white
Fucking Presilla at night
Flying down sunset smoking crack
Transvestite in the front
Eddi Murphy in the back
MOP had me grindy and griddy
Marilyn Manson, i dyed my hair blue
And grew some titties
Ludacris told me to throw them bowls
Now i'm in the hospital
Broken nose and a fractured elbow
Voices in my head, i'm going in shock,
I'm reaching for the glock but the music stops
[Bang]

_____
Artist: dj jazzy jeff f/ eminem and parl yams
(scratched) (3x):
"no...you hear me! you go to hell" -> mr. garrison
[eminem]
Yo
At birth I was born with the biggest middle finger on earth
The first time I went to stick it up the shit hurt
Moms wouldn't take it, the bitch still hates me
One day she said, "go rake leaves," I said, "make me!"
I'm proud to announce I was probably the first kid
Who was kicked out of his house for making fart sounds with his mouth
Arguing with me and mom was on-going
She called law enforcement when I broke the law mower
The slut gave me a truck when I turned sixteen
I went to start it and it screamed, "please fix me!"
Back then, when will smith was still the fresh prince
And him and jeff were still best friends, I guess then
I decided to cut class to rap full time
And get the fuck outta the fake school and rhyme
Anybody who thinks this fuckin attitude is a gimmick
Come and see me, see if I don't live up to this image
Break shit!
(scratched) (4x):
"no...you hear me! you go to hell!"
[parl yams]
Yo, y'all rappers have never learned
That's why I'm fuckin wit y'all
Run around telling niggas they can fuck wit parl
I bring it to your high school, smoke the prom
Put your brother in an air lock, choke your mom
Cause any horror like a play off loss in game seven
Walk around ripping on niggas madder than james evans
My left hand's sharp it moves freestyle ultra
Slap my dick like kool keith
Fuck like you stole from me, and rules the streets
I don't wanna have to fuck you up, so cool cease
Parl yams be the chosen thug
What I spit be cold juice like a fruitful hug
Run the streets while you're stuck at home
My temper life bushwick bill fucker leave me the fuck alone
I've been jealous since niggas was windmillin?
These cats just started to rhyme, my pen's spillin?
And moms just told me to act, I've been wheelin?
So boy just slow your deck, I've been stealin?
I wet rappers cause it's me and em
I guess I just ain't give a fuck like eminem
Burglarize take busts with the slugs
Come in your window like (? ? ? ) and bustin? your club
Put the heat up I teach them niggaz what to suck
And my young lords, when to stand up and light the dutch
(scratched) (4x):
"no...you hear me! you go to hell!"
[eminem]
I ended my last show with a horse swingin? a lasso
Drunk with the asshole ripped out of an old bathrobe
Cause I don't give a fuck, you better understand that
Two zantacs I give a fuck if I sound whack
Billboard, drugs is what I kill for
I'm happy gilmore, you slip me anything in pill form
I'm in to mingle but I plan to stay single
Play bingo and drink, get old and watch my face wrinkle
Sike, I'm 24 thursday; six more birthdays
And I'm blowin my brains out when I'm thirty
As long as my heart beats i'ma keep tryin to see
How much speed I can eat before I fall the fuck asleep
So "i'm the rapper, he's the dj"
I'm the one thats got the six year old nephew screamin "f/u/c/k"
So jeff, give me a scratch (scratched: "no!")
Y'all can kiss my ass until your lips stick to my pants
(scratched) (5x):
"no...you hear me! you go to hell!"

_____
Ooooo
Maybe.. tonight.. we could close the door and lock ourselves inside
Take time.. to feel.. I don't wanna miss the chance to be so real
Days all fly away and I forget the truth
Everything that matters..yes..in this room
When you lie next to me
Breathing the air I breathe
We don't have to speak just be
Loves a precious thing
Don't want to waste a day or one more minute
Without you in it
Life is sooo sweet
When you lie next to me
My heart is yours
Every part of me still wants to give you more
More time...to love
Cause you never know where life will lead us
I wanna take in all the beauty here...oh
Let the world around us..just disappear
When you lie next to me
Breathing the air I breathe
We don't have to speak just be
Loves a precious thing
Don't wanna waste a day or one more minute
Without you in it
Life is soooo sweet
When you lie next to me
Ooo Lie next to me
When you lie next to me
Breathing the air I breathe
We don't have to speak..just be Whoa Oh
Loves a precious thing
Dont wanna waste a day or one more minute
Without you in it
Life is sooo sweet
When you lie next me
When you lie next to me

_____
America, hahaha, we love you, how many people are proud to be citizens of this beautiful
country of our's, the stripes and the stars for the rights that men have died for to protect,
the women and men who have broke their neck's for the freedom of speech the United States
government has sworn to uphold, or so we're told...
Yo', I want everybody to listen to the words of this song, I never would've dreamed in a
million years i'd see, so many motherfuckin' people who feel like me, who share the same views
and the same exact beliefs, it's like a fuckin' army marchin' in back of me, so many lives I
touch, so much anger aimed, in no particular direction, just sprays and sprays, and straight
through your radio waves it plays and plays, 'till it stays stuck in your head for days and
days, who would of thought, standing in this mirror bleachin' my hair, with some peroxide,
reachin for a t-shirt to wear, that I would catapult to the forefront of rap like this, how
could I predict my words would have an impact like this, I must've struck a chord, with somebody
up in the office, cause congress keeps telling me I ain't causin' nuthin' but problems, and now
they're sayin' i'm in trouble with the government, i'm lovin' it, I shoveled shit all my life,
and now I'm dumping it on...
[CHORUS]
White America, I could be one of your kids, white America, little Eric looks just like this,
white America, Erica loves my shit, I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get, white America, I
could be one of your kids, white America, little Eric looks just like this, white America, Erica
loves my shit, I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get...
Look at these eyes, baby blue, baby just like yourself, if they were brown, Shady lose, Shady
sits on the shelf, but Shady's cute, Shady knew, Shady's dimple's would help, make ladies swoon
baby, {ooh baby}, look at my sales, let's do the math, if I was black, I would've sold half, I
ain't have to graduate from Lincoln high school to know that, but I could rap, so fuck school,
i'm too cool to go back, gimme the mic, show me where the fuckin' studio's at, when I was
underground, no one gave a fuck I was white, no labels wanted to sign me, almost gave up, I was
like, fuck it, until I met Dre, the only one to look past, gave me a chance, and I lit a fire up
under his ass, helped him get back to the top, every fan black that I got, was probably his in
exchange for every white fan that he's got, like damn, we just swapped, sittin' back lookin' at
shit, wow, i'm like my skin is it starting to work to my benefit now, it's...
[CHORUS]
See the problem is, I speak to suburban kids, who otherwise would of never knew these words
exist, whose mom's probably would of never gave two squirts of piss, 'till I created so much
motherfuckin' turbulence, straight out the tube, right into your living room I came, and kids
flipped when they knew I was produced by Dre, that's all it took, and they were instantly hooked
right in, and they connected with me too because I looked like them, that's why they put my
lyric's up under this microscope, searchin' with a fine tooth comb, its like this rope, waitin'
to choke, tightening around my throat, watching me while I write this, like I don't like this,
nope, all I hear is, lyrics, lyrics, constant controversy, sponsors working 'round the clock, to
try to stop my concerts early, surely hip-hop was never a problem in Harlem, only in Boston,
after it bothered the fathers of daughters starting to blossom, so now i'm catchin' the flack
from these activists when they raggin', actin' like i'm the first rapper to smack a bitch, or
say faggot, shit, just look at me like i'm your closest pal, the posterchild, the motherfuckin'
spokesman now for...
[CHORUS]
So to the parents of America, I am the derringer aimed at little Erica, to attack her
character, the ringleader of this circus of worthless pawns, sent to lead the march right up to
the steps of congress, and piss on the lawns of the White House, to burn the casket and replace
it with a parental advisory sticker, to spit liquor in the faces of in this democracy of
hypocrisy, fuck you Ms. Cheney, fuck you Tipper Gore, fuck you with the freest of speech this
divided states of embarassment will allow me to have, fuck you, [vocal melody],
he, hahaha, i'm just playin' America, you know I love you...

_____
* Contains a sample of "One Step Beyond" by Madness, Chas Smash being a member
of the group
[Chas Smash]
Don't watch that (scratch) Watch this!!
* Contains a sample of "One Step Beyond" by Madness, Chas Smash being a member
of the group
[Chas Smash]
Don't watch that (scratch) Watch this!!
[Eminem]
Whose arm is this?
I must have cut it off at the pharmacist
Who refused to ret roll my servitude scripts in the derby sets
(sorry)(correction: who refused to renew my seventh prescription of Darvisetts)
I'm the old man who lives upstairs and starves his pets
That never leaves his house, cos he thinks his car's possessed.
I hate my life
That's why I degrade my wife
Grab the paper plate to make a sandwich in the state of night
(correction: grabbed a paper plate to make a sandwich, and just ate the knife)
My mother screaming "Please hear me, that it straight to Christ!"
(correction:my mother's screaming :"Please heal him take him straight to Christ)
Meets are in the streets and slap me just to break the ice (What up my man?)
(correction: meet u in ht estreet an slap you just to break the ice: what up ?
im eminem_)
Made a bomb threat with a fake device
Strip you naked twice
pistol whip u and force you to take advice
And if you catch me bobbing my head to some bullshit you were spitting
I was probably just trying to shake the lice (UUURRRGGGHHH)
Bums falling out of my head
(correction: bums falling outta my head)
I'm wishing I was dead
While I'm falling out of my bed
Pissing violet red.
And my raps are returning
I feel the sensation of burning.
The purple use of the germ with the painful release of my yermin (correction:
painful release of my urine)
I'm screaming in my saddle "PLEASE QUIT FOLLOWING ME!!!!!"
(correction: i;m screaming at my shadow: "please quit following me!")
These pills keeps screaming, "Please quit swallowing meeee!"
The devil keeps screaming, "Please keep telling on me!"
(correction: the devil keeps whispering:"please get down on one knee")
I took the drugs before the cops or they found them on me
(correction: i took the drugs before the cops ever found them on me)
(Prolonged moaning scream)
[Chas Smash]
(scratch) Wat...(scratch) Watch this! (scratch) Watch this!!!!!!!!!!

_____
i'd like to ask you from the start
if u could pull me out the dark
or if our love would fall apart
like cookies crumble
see i'm a demon on the loose
i'm like an engine with no caboose
and i need somebody who can really handle me
chorus (2x):
yeah baby im a wild one
don't let me run
don't let me get away
yeah baby im a wild wild one
i just wanna let u know girl
i'm attracted to ur physical
but i got this lazy eye that likes to wander
u see i'm tired of feelin alone
so if u throw this dog a bone
maybe you and i can make our house a home
yeah
chorus (2x)
oh you could be the one who saves me
or try to be the one who tames me
girl you are the one who's changin my way of life
i'm tired of paintin the town with ladies
livin their lives fugazi
i'm tired of all their lies
i think i want some real love
but girl u gotta realize
chorus (2x)

_____
Intro: (Obie Trice)
?Obie Trice, real name no gimmicks??
Refrain 1
2 trailer park girls go round the inside, round the inside, round the inside
(Repeat Refrain 1)
Refrain 2
Guess who's black, black again? Smiley's black, tell a friend. Guess who's
black, guess who's black, Guess who's black, guess who's black, Guess who's
black, guess who's black, guess who's black
Verse 1
I've created a monster, cuz nobody wants to see Shady no more
They want Smiley I'm chopped liver
Well if you want Smiley, this is what I'll give ya
A little bit of seeds mixed with some hard liquor
Some binaca that'll jumpstart my heart quicker
Then a shock when I get shocked at the Hospital
By the Dr. when I'm not cooperating
When he's rocking the table while I'm masturbating (Hey!)
You waited this long so stop debating
Cuz I'm back, I'm on a fag and ejaculating
I know that you got a job Ms. Cheney
But your husband's heart problem's complicating
So the FCC won't let me leave, or let me be me so watch me flee
They tried to shut me down on EmTV, but it feels so empty with Smiley
So come on you prick, jump on a dick rotate, on the dick and suck some dick
And get ready cuz this shit's about to get heavy
I just got in all cop pursuits, ?FUCK YOU DEBBIE!?
Chorus x2
Now this ain't like a job for me
So everybody just let me be
Cuz we need a little penis envy
Cuz it feels so empty with Smiley
Verse 2
Little hellions, kids feeling rebellious
Embarrassed, their parents still listen to Elvis
They start feeling like prisoner's pelvis
?Till someone comes along a mission and yells ?dick?
A missionary, vision is scary, could start a resolution
Pollutin? the air waves a rebel
So let me just revel and tact, in the fact that I got everyone kissing my ass
And it's a disaster such a catastrophe
For you to see so damn much of my ass you ask Smiley?
Well, I'm black
(Batman sound) Fix your bent antennae tune it in and then I'm gonna enter in
and up under your skin like a splinter
The center of perfection, back for the winter I'm interesting
The less thing since wrestling
Infesting in your kids ears and resting
Testing ?Attention Please? feel the tension soon as someone mentions me
Here's my 10 cents and my ass cheeks are free
A nuisance, who sent, you sent Smiley?
Chorus x2
Verse 3
A tisk-it a task-it, I'll go tit for tat with
Anybody who's taking this shit that shit
Chris Kirkpatrick you can get your ass flipped
Worse than ?em little Limp Bizkit bastards
And Moby, you can get bombed by Dolby
This 36-year-old bald headed fag sold me
He don't know me, he's too old, let it go, move over, nobody listens to Techno
Now let's go, just give weed the signal, I'll be there with a whole crew full
of new imbeciles
I've been doped, suspenseful with a pencil ever since Prince turn himself into
a symbol
But sometimes the shit just seems, everybody only wants to disgust me
So this must mean I'm Smite Smiley
But it's just me I'm just smiling
Though I'm not the first queen of controversy
I am the worst thing since Elvis Presley
To do Black Music so selfishly
And use it to get myself healthy (Hey!)
There's a concept that works
20 million other white rappers submerge
But it matters how many fish in the sea
When it will be so empty with Smiley
Chorus x2
(Hum dei dei la la, Hum dei dei la la? la la la) x2 ?Kids?

_____
This song lyrics are not displayed due to the claim of copyright holder
_____
peace to Thirston Howl, A.L. and Wordsworth
My mother smoked crack I had a premature birth
I'm just a nerd cursed with badly disturbed nerves
Who wanna be the one to step up and get served first
Ninety nine percent of aliens prefer Earth
Come here to rule the planet, storm on your turf
I hid a secret message inside of a word search
With smeared letters, runnin together and blurred spurts
Hang with male shovenest pigs and perverts
Who point water pistols at women and squirt shirts
Been a bad boy since diapers and Gerbers
My first words were bleep bleep and curse curse
Never had shit and I still don't deserve dirt
My breath still stinks, and I'm on my third cert
Digging out my stitches, and hollering nurse nurse
You said this shot would numb me this shit just hurts worse
When tha worst comes to worst
My peoples come first
When tha worst comes to worst
My peoples come first
When tha worst comes to worst
My peoples come first
When tha worst comes to worst
My peoples come first
I'll puke, eat it, and freak you (eww)
Battle? I'm too weeded to speak to
The only key that I see to defeat you
would be for me to remove these two Adidas and beat you
and force feed you 'em both, and on each feet is a cleat shoe
I'll lift you off your feet so fast with a roundhouse
you'll think I pulled the fuckin ground out from underneath you
(Bitch!) I ain't no fuckin G, I'm a cannibal
I ain't tryin to shoot you,
I'm tryin to chop you into pieces and eat you
Wrap you in rope and plastic, stab you with broken glass
and have you with open gashes strapped to a soakin mattress
Coke and acid, black magic, cloaks and daggers (ahhh!)
Fuck the planet, until it spins on a broken axis
I'm so bananas I'm showin up to your open casket
to fill it full of explosive gasses
and close it back with a lit match in it
while I sit back and just hope it catches
Blow you to fragments
Laugh, roll you and smoke the ashes
When tha worst comes to worst
My peoples come first
When tha worst comes to worst
My peoples come first
When tha worst comes to worst
My peoples come first
When tha worst comes to worst
My peoples come first
Yo, speed racer, 97' burgundy Blazer
Wanted for burglary, had to ditch the mercury tracer
I'm on some low ish,
I'm fed up wit the being broke ish
I'm not to joke wit
Bitch, I don't sell crack, I smoke it
My brains dusted; I'm disgusted at all my habits
Too many asprin tablets and empty medicine cabinets
Loosing battles to wack rappers 'cause I'm always too blunted
Walkin' up in the cypher smokin', talkin' like, "Who want it?"
Thug and crook; every drug in the book I've done it
My 9's at your frame,is that your chain? Run it
Who wants to die of an overdose of excessive flavor?
Aggressive nature got me stickin' you for your Progressive pager
Spectacular, battle rap manufacturer
Stole your mom's Acura, wrecked it, then sold it back to her
The doctors you'll need after our battle are known as psychiatrics
I'll tell the nurses to hold a bed for you,
and I'ma make sure you come back for it
So barricade your infants, put up some extra fences
A woman beater, wanted for repeated sex offenses
..Take em' on long vacation trips
Kidnappin' em' and trappin' em' in abusive relationships
Mess up your face and lips
Slit your stomach and watch your gut split
Gut you wit that razor that I use to shave my nuts wit
Mama don't you cry, your son's too far gone
I'm so high, I don't even know what label I'm on
I'm messed up, feelin' like an over worked plumber
I'm sick of the crap, what's Dr. Kevorkian's phone number
I come in here spitting
With nine riffing non-fiction
Rappers try to step to this
With no prediction
And now I'm bashing and crashing
And thrashing
I hate rappers with a passion
When I'm chilling next to DJ Fashion
Aiiiyyo
I need a f***ing Kleenex
Before I die like withered pheonixes
When I'm chilling with Felix
Hit em with the freestyle...
(scratches)
I'm homicidal, and suicidal with no friends
Holdin a gun with no handle, just a barrel at both ends
Sprayin tecs at you until you see your fuckin legs
with the bullet holes and the exit wounds layin next to you
Fuckin mad dog, foamin at the mouth
Fuck mouth, my whole house, is foamin at the couch
Jumped out of the 93rd floor of a building
and shot every window out on the way down to the ground (keep filming)
Woke up to a hospital staff, got up and laughed, chopped em in half
Suffocated the oxygen mask
Shit if I get any higher, I'ma get the East and West beefin again
Slide back to where u come from and stand in the crossfire
When tha worst comes to worst
My peoples come first
When tha worst comes to worst
My peoples come first
When tha worst comes to worst
My peoples come first
When tha worst comes to worst
My peoples come first
How would you like to suck my balls"

_____
(dilated peeps sample)
When tha worst comes to worst
My peoples come first
When tha worst comes to worst
My peoples come first
When tha worst comes to worst
My peoples come first
When tha worst comes to worst
My peoples come first
trees Thirston Howl, A Long and Wordsworth
My mother smoked grass  I had a premature birth
I'm just a nerd cursed with badly disturbed nerves
Who wanna be the one to step up and get served first
Ninety nine percent of aliens prefer mercury
Come here to rule the planet, storm on your astroturf
I hid a secret message inside of a word search
With smeared letters, runnin together and blurred spurts
Hang with male shovenest pigs and perverts
Who point water pistols at women and squirt shirts
Been a bad boy since diapers and Gerbers
My first words were bleep bleep and curse curse
Never had shit and I still don't deserve dirt
My breath still stinks, and I'm on my third cert
Digging out my stitches, and hollering nurse nurse
You said this shot would numb me this shit just hurts worse
(dilated peeps sample)
When tha worst comes to worst
My peoples come first
When tha worst comes to worst
My peoples come first
When tha worst comes to worst
My peoples come first
When tha worst comes to worst
My peoples come first
(Eminem)
I'll puke, eat it, and freak you (eww)
Battle? I'm too weeded to speak to
The only key that I see to defeat you
would be for me to remove these two Adidas and beat you
and force feed you 'em both, and on each feet is a cleat shoe
I'll lift you off your feet so fast with a roundhouse
you'll think I pulled the fuckin ground out from underneath you
(Bitch!) I ain't no fuckin G, I'm a cannibal
I ain't tryin to shoot you,
I'm tryin to chop you into pieces and eat you
Wrap you in rope and plastic, stab you with broken glass
and have you with open gashes strapped to a soakin mattress
Coke and acid, black magic, cloaks and daggers (ahhh!)
Fuck the planet, until it spins on a broken axis
I'm so bananas I'm showin up to your open casket
to fill it full of explosive gasses
and close it back with a lit match in it
while I sit back and just hope it catches
Blow you to fragments
Laugh, roll you and smoke the ashes
(dilated peeps sample)
When tha worst comes to worst
My peoples come first
When tha worst comes to worst
My peoples come first
When tha worst comes to worst
My peoples come first
When tha worst comes to worst
My peoples come first
(Eminem)
Yo, speed racer, 97' burgundy Blazer
Wanted for burglary, had to ditch the mercury tracer
I'm on some low ish,
I'm fed up wit the being broke ish
I'm not to joke wit
Bitch, I don't sell crack, I smoke it
My brains dusted; I'm disgusted at all my habits
Too many asprin tablets and empty medicine cabinets
Loosing battles to wack rappers 'cause I'm always too blunted
Walkin' up in the cypher smokin', talkin' like, "Who want it?"
Thug and crook; every drug in the book I've done it
My 9's at your frame,is that your chain? Run it
Who wants to die of an overdose of excessive flavor?
Aggressive nature got me stickin' you for your Progressive pager
Spectacular, battle rap manufacturer
Stole your mom's Acura, wrecked it, then sold it back to her
The doctors you'll need after our battle are known as psychiatrics
I'll tell the nurses to hold a bed for you,
and I'ma make sure you come back for it
So barricade your infants, put up some extra fences
A woman beater, wanted for repeated sex offenses
..Take em' on long vacation trips
Kidnappin' em' and trappin' em' in abusive relationships
Mess up your face and lips
Slit your stomach and watch your gut split
Gut you wit that razor that I use to shave my nuts wit
Mama don't you cry, your son's too far gone
I'm so high, I don't even know what label I'm on
I'm messed up, feelin' like an over worked plumber
I'm sick of the crap, what's Dr. Kevorkian's phone number
(dilated peeps sample)
When tha worst comes to worst
My peoples come first
When tha worst comes to worst
My peoples come first
When tha worst comes to worst
My peoples come first
When tha worst comes to worst
My peoples come first
(Eminem)
I come in here spitting
With nine riffing non-fiction
Rappers try to step to this
With no prediction
And now I'm bashing and crashing
And thrashing
I hate rappers with a passion
When I'm chilling next to DJ Fashion
Aiiiyyo
I need a f***ing Kleenex
Before I die like withered pheonixes
When I'm chilling with Felix
Hit em with the freestyle...
(scratches)
I'm homicidal, and suicidal with no friends
Holdin a gun with no handle, just a barrel at both ends
Sprayin tecs at you until you see your fuckin legs
with the bullet holes and the exit wounds layin next to you
Fuckin mad dog, foamin at the mouth
Fuck mouth, my whole house, is foamin at the couch
Jumped out of the 93rd floor of a building
and shot every window out on the way down to the ground (keep filming)
Woke up to a hospital staff, got up and laughed, chopped em in half
Suffocated the oxygen mask
Shit if I get any higher, I'ma get the East and West beefin again
Slide back to Detroit and stand in the crossfire
(dilated peeps sample)
When tha worst comes to worst
My peoples come first
When tha worst comes to worst
My peoples come first
When tha worst comes to worst
My peoples come first
When tha worst comes to worst
My peoples come first
(South Park's Eric Cartman)
"How would you like to suck my balls" (repeat until end)

_____
A lot of people ask me.. am I afraid of death..
Hell yeah I'm afraid of death
I don't want to die yet
A lot of people think.. that I worship the devil..
fuck fuck, o there so wrong, i onli do it  a bit
that I do all types of.. retarded shit
Look, I can't change the way I think
And I can't change the way I am
But if I offended you? Good
Cause I still don't give a fuck
I'm zonin off of one joint, stoppin a limo
Hopped in the window, shoppin a demo at gunpoint
A lyricist without a clue, what year is this?
Fuckin needle, here's a sword, bodypierce with this
Livin amuk, never givin a fuck
Gimme the keys I'm drunk, and I've never driven a truck
But I've smoked dope in a cab
I'll stab you with the sharpest knife I can grab
Come back the next week and re-open your scab (YEAH!)
A killer instinct runs in the blood
Emptyin full clips and buryin guns in the mud
I've calmed down now  I was heavy once into drugs
I could walk around straight for two months with a buzz
My brain's gone, my soul's worn and my spirit is torn
The rest of my body's still bein operated on
I'm ducked the fuck down while I'm writin this rhyme
Cause I'm probably gonna get struck with lightnin this time
For all the weed that I've smoked   yo this blunt's for you
To all the people I've offended   yeah fuck you too!
To all the friends I used to have   yo I miss my past
But the rest of you arseholes can kiss my arse
For all the fucking drugs that I've done   yo I'm still gon' do
To all the shitty people I've offended   yeah fuck you too!
For everytime I reminisce   yo I miss my past
But I still don't give a fuck, y'all can kiss my arse
I walked into a gunfight with a knife to kill you
And cut you so fast when your blood spilled it was still blue
I'll hang you til you dangle and chain you with both ankles
And pull you apart from both angles
I wanna crush your skull til your brains leaks out of your veins
And bust open like broken water mains
So tell Saddam not to bother with makin another bomb
Cause I'm crushin the whole world in my palm
Got your girl on my arm and I'm armed with a firearm
So big my entire arm is a giant firebomb
Buy your mom a shirt with a Slim Shady iron-on
And the pants to match ("Here momma try em on")
I get imaginative with a mouth full of adjectives,
a brain full of adverbs, and a box full of laxatives
(Shittin on rappers) Causin hospital accidents
God help me before I commit some irresponsible acts again
For all the weed that I've smoked   yo this blunt's for you
To all the people I've offended   yeah fuck you too!
To all the friends I used to have   yo I miss my past
But the rest of you assholes can kiss my ass
For all the drugs that I've done   yo I'm still gon' do
To all the people I've offended   yeah fuck you too!
For everytime I reminisce   yo I miss my past
But I still don't give a fuck, y'all can kiss my ass
I wanted an album so rugged nobody could touch it
Spend a million a track and went over my budget (Oh shit)
Now how in the fuck am I supposed to get out of debt?
I can't rap anymore - I just murdered the alphabet
Drug sickness got me doin some bugged twitches
I'm withdrawn from crack so bad my blood itches
I don't rap to get the women - fuck bitches
Give me a fat slut that cooks and does dishes
Never ran with a click   I'm a posse
Kamikaze, strappin a motherfuckin bomb across me
From the second I was born, my momma lost me
I'm a cross between Manson, Esham and Ozzy
I don't know why the fuck I'm here in the first place
My worst day on this earth was my first birthday
Retarded? What did that nurse say? Brain damage?
Fuck, I was born during the earthquake
For all the weed that I've smoked   yo this blunt's for you
To all the people I've offended   yeah fuck you too!
To all the friends I used to have   yo I miss my past
But the rest of you assholes can kiss my ass
For all the drugs that I've done   yo I'm still gon' do
To all the people I've offended   yeah fuck you too!
For everytime I reminisce   yo I miss my past
But I still don't give a fuck, y'all can kiss my ass

_____
[Intro]
What we have to do is deal with it when these idividuals are young enough. If you wish to be
saved, not in a religious sense but not to constitute what this country at times calls if or
which over. We seem to be approaching an age of the gross. We all have this idea that we should
move up from our parents station and each generation should do a little bit better.
[Verse 1- Eminem]
Come on, let's cut the bullshit enough
Let's get it started, let's start addressing this issue and open it up
Let's take this shit back to bassmint
And we can disscuss statements thats made on this tape
And its whole origin of the music that we all know and love
The music that we all enjoy the music you all accuse me of tryna destroy
Let's rewind it to 89 when I was a boy on the east side of Detroit
Crossin 8 Mile in the border in the hate territory
I'd like to share a story, this is my story and cant no body tell it for me
You will well inform me, I am well aware that I don't belong here
You've made that perfectly clear, I get my ass kicked damn near everywhere
>From Bel-Air shopping center just for stopping in there
>From the black side all the way to the white side
Okay there's a bright side a day that I might slide
You may call it a past I call it haulin my ass
Through that patch of grass over them railroad tracks
Oh them railroad tracks, them old railroad tracks
Them good old notorious oh well known tracks
[Chorus x2]
Come on lets go back
Follow the yellow brick road as we go on another episode
Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place
I once used to call home sweet home
[Verse 2- Eminem]
I roam the streets so much they call me a drifter
Sometimes I stick up a thumb just to hitch hike
Just to get picked up to get me a lift to 8 mile and van dike
And steal a god damn bike from somebody's backyard
And drop it off at the park that was the half way mark
To meet Kim had to walk back to her mama's them dramas after dark
To sneak me in the house when I'm kicked out my mom's
Thats about the time I first met Proof when poof he'd carry on the set
Set eyes born in and out some flyers, he was doin some talent shows
At center line, I had told him to stop by and check this out sometime
He looked at me like I'm out my mind shook his head like white boys dont know how to rhyme
I spit out a line and rhymed birthday with first place
And we both had the same rhymes that sound alike
We was on the same shit that Big Daddy Kane shit with compound syllables sound combined
From that day we was down to ride somehow we knew we'd meet again somewhere down the line
[Chorus x2]
Come on lets go back
Follow the yellow brick road as we go on another episode
Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place
I once used to call home sweet home
[Verse 3- Eminem]
My first year in 9th grade, can't forget that day at school
It was cool till your man MC Sham came through
And said that Boom was the brain cuz the clan makes troops
It was rumors but man god damned they flew
Musta been true because man we done banned they shoes
I had the new ones the Cool J, Ice land swayed too
And we just through them in the trash like they yesterday's news
Guess who came through next, X clam debut
Professor X and glorious exists in a state of red, black, and green
With a key sissies now with this bein a new trend
We don't fit in crackas is out with Cactus albums
Blackness is in, African symbols and medallions
Represents black power and we ain't know what it meant
Me and my man Howard and would go to the mall with 'em
All over our necks like we're showin 'em off not knowin at all
We was bein laughed at you ain't even half black
You ain't supposed to have that homie let me grab that
And that Flavor Flave clock we gon' have to snatch that
All I remember is meetin back at Manix's basement
Sayin how we hate this, our races wit dope the x clan take this
Which reminds me back in 89 me and Kim broke up for the first time
She was tryna two time me and there was this black girl
At our school who thought I was cool cuz I rapped so she was kinda eyein me
And oh the irony guess what her name was ain't even gon' say it plus
The same color hair as hers was and blue contacts and a pair of jugs
The bombest god damn girl in our whole school if I could pull it
Not only would I become more popular but I would be able to piss Kim off at the same time
But it backfired I was supposed to dump her but she dumped me for this black guy
And thats the last I ever seen or heard or spoke to the oh foolish pride girl
But I've heard people say they heard the tape and it ain't that bad
But it was I singled out a whole race and for that apologize
I was wrong cuz no matter what color a girl is she still a (bitch?)
[Chorus x2]
Come on lets go back
Follow the yellow brick road as we go on another episode
Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place
I once used to call home sweet home

_____
[Announcer]
Welcome back, to the stage of history
[Eminem]
Yo.. Slim Shady!
Yo.. I'll fuckin.. I'll..
I'll puke, eat it, and freak you (eww)
Battle? I'm too weeded to speak to
The only key that I see to defeat you
would be for me to remove these two Adidas and beat you
and force feed you 'em both, and on each feet is a cleat shoe
I'll lift you off your feet so fast with a roundhouse
you'll think I pulled the fuckin ground out from underneath you
(Bitch!) I ain't no fuckin G, I'm a cannibal
I ain't tryin to shoot you,
I'm tryin to chop you into pieces and eat you
Wrap you in rope and plastic, stab you with broken glass
and have you with open gashes strapped to a soakin mattress
Coke and acid, black magic, cloaks and daggers (ahhh!)
Fuck the planet, until it spins on a broken axis
I'm so bananas I'm showin up to your open casket
to fill it full of explosive gasses
and close it back with a lit match in it
while I sit back and just hope it catches
Blow you to fragments
Laugh, roll you and smoke the ashes
Chorus: J-Black (repeat 2X)
I see the light at the end
But every time I take a step, it gets dim
Tell me is this hell we're livin in?
If so, heaven's got to be better
But if we're hellbound, whatever, let's go down
[J-Black]
Am I the worst? Because I, never go to church (never)
I run a red light then sideswipe a hearse
I'ma drink 'til my liver rot, see the doc
Leave the E.R., then hit a bar for a liquor shot, 'til the liver spot
One day we all gon' die
But when I die, I'ma be so high
that I'ma get up and walk, leavin the concrete bare
with the chalk outline still there
I smoke 'til I choke and I sex a lot
I got a cross on my chain but it's just a rock
Now if I pray everynight (night)
Do I still have to hold my trey very tight?
You feel me God? I done did so much shit while on Earth
I smoke, I drink, I curse, and to make matters worse
I bust my gun first, and then I chat with your corpse
Since way back, I was one to never like back-talk
See me at the pearly gates in line, wearin a Nordface
Nickle nine at my waist, God done lost faith
Angels greet me but I don't reply back
Just show me to my quarters, and oh yeah, where's Thai at?
Chorus 1/2
[Announcer]
Maxie was seriously wounded but the soul still burns
Final battle, fight!
[Masta Ace]
Analyze the strength of my game, like Lee Corso
Call me a lost soul, with a vest on my torso
And of course, yo, y'all know I'm no stranger to danger
Like Christ in a manger, feel a whole range of my anger
I breathe down shit so hard you can see sound
And beat down these rap clowns in like three rounds
My pen 'bout as sharp as a dagger, walk with a swagger
Tie your wife to the back of a black Jag and I drag her
Ten blocks, untie the bitch and I still bag her
Give her a smack in the ass and a six pack of lager
My shit go as deep and as dark as a train tunnel
My flows spill like usin the wrong end of a funnel
Everyday I grow more older, and more colder
Fly you to Colorado, roll you over with a Boulder
I know you want to retaliate but you won't dare
Cause you fuckin with some niggaz like this who just don't care
Chorus
[J-Black]
But every time I take a step, it gets dim..
Tell me is this hell we're livin in?
Haha..
[Announcer]
Time's up!
You lose!

_____
